Asian Bridge
	Asian Bridge 2025
		R1
			THBT western liberal democracies should prioritize expansion of domestic supports for poor people, rather than international aid for developing countries
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 6
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 12
			THW require laws that curtail individual freedom (e.g., abortion, vaccination requirements during a pandemic, a ban on unhealthy products, etc.) to be discussed and decided by deliberative mini-publics
				Balance $stats 3, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 12
				Deliberative mini-publics are institutions in which a diverse body of citizens is selected randomly and anonymously to decide on issues (if the majority of participants agree with the proposal after the discussion, the policy will be implemented.)
			THBT City C should abolish Category A and accept 160 students from the entire region in Tokyo as opposed to maintaining the current examination system
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 4, 4, 12
				City C is a "fictional" small city in Tokyo. It is famous for its high concentration of businesses. School K is a secondary school in this city, which is a "self-proclaimed" prestigious school, and the city council sets the school budgets every year.
				The entrance examination system of School K is unique. In Category A, 80 students from City C are selected, and in Category B, 80 students from outside City C who live in Tokyo are selected (duel registration is not allowed). The same entrance examination questions are used for both categories, but due to the difference in the number of applicants, the competition ratio in Category A is approximately 2, while the ratio in Category B is approximately 5 in the recent few years.
		R2
			THR the narrative that places high value on self-expression and originality of the artist in art
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 6
				Veto $stats 3, 1, 12
			THR the emphasis on the "Only One" philosophy
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 0, 2, 12
				The "Only One" philosophy is a narrative in recent years that everyone is special and possesses unique value. This includes elements from pop culture, compulsory education, and other influences.
			THS the glorification of Seishun in pop culture
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 6
				Veto $stats 3, 3, 12
				"Seishun" (青春) refers to the precious period of school and campus life (especially high school). It brings bittersweet memories and freshness to you.
		R3
			THR easy access to gender transition surgery targeting young generation (including but not limited to: doctors not asking relevant questions about gender identity and providing hormone therapy without parental consent, school teachers not informing parents about a child's transition under the pretext of avoiding household conflict, and universities covering a significant portion of the surgery costs)
				Balance $stats 0, 4, 6
				Veto $stats 0, 2, 12
			THBT the U.S. should completely ban animal testing
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 5, 0, 12
				Traditional U.S. law required animal testing, such as on rats, dogs, and monkeys, before new drugs could be used in human clinical trials. 	In 2020, President Biden signed a new law that permits the use of alternative testing methods. Pharmaceutical companies can now choose to avoid animal testing when developing new drugs and still receive certification by using advanced techniques, which have been rapidly developed recently, such as computer modeling and organ chips.
			THW implement a system to evaluate the supply performance of generic drugs and differentiate drug prices (e.g. setting higher drug prices for manufacturers with excellent supply performance)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 6
				Veto $stats 1, 4, 12
				Currently, generic drugs account for about 80% of the market, and there are multiple types of drugs available for the same medical effect.The following methods determine the price of generic medicines:	When a generic drug is listed for the first time: The price is set at 50% of the price of the original (brand-name) drug.When the generic drug is already listed: The price is set at the same level as the lowest price of the existing generic medicines for the same drug.	"Supply performance" refers to the reliability and efficiency of generic drug manufacturers in supplying their products to the market. This includes consistency of supply, quality control, and the ability to respond to demand. 
		R4
			THP a world where Mononoke is the cause of illness and disease
				Balance $stats 5, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 12
				Mononoke is a vengeful spirit that causes/worsens illness in humans. There are various types of Mononoke, such as Ikiryo (the ghost of the living), Shiryo (the ghost of the dead), and Yo-Kai (supernatural monsters), among others. For example, Ikiryo is created by the grudges of the living, and by clinging to the object of their resentment, it causes/worsens the victim's disease. While you can defeat weaker Mononoke with your spiritual power accumulated through religious good deeds, serious diseases should be treated by a monk who has undergone rigorous training and prays for the patient's recovery.
			THP a world where moral principles are believed as God's creation to a world where they're seen as human artifacts
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 6
				Veto $stats 5, 2, 12
			THS the concept of afterlife
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 6
				Veto $stats 0, 4, 12
		SF
			TH, as Shein's CEO, would change its supply chain structure and seek an IPO as opposed to maintaining the status quo and not attempting to go public
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
					An initial public offering (IPO) is when a private company issues its shares on the public market. In order for their IPO to be approved, corporate governance, financial governance, sustainability, risk management, etc., are strictly audited.	Shein is the world's largest fast fashion retailer. It plans to go public through an IPO on the London Stock Exchange after being rejected on the New York Stock Exchange.
			THR the dominance of franchises in Japan's convenience store industry (e.g. Seven-Eleven, Family Mart, Lawson)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 4
					A franchise is a type of license that grants a franchisee access to a franchisor's proprietary business knowledge, processes, reputation and trademarks, thus allowing the franchisee to sell a product or service under the franchisor's business name. In exchange for acquiring a franchise, the franchisee usually pays the franchisor an initial start-up fee and annual licensing fees.
			THW ban oil companies from prospecting for new sources of oil
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
		GF
			THS KIRA
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				In recent years, serious criminals around the world have been dying mysteriously of heart attacks. It is widely speculated that these deaths are caused by 'KIRA.' Some say that KIRA is a messenger of God and this is divine judgment, while others condemn them.
				Despite concerns about justice, most people concede that KIRA's criteria for punishment are "persuasive". They appear to follow a consistent pattern: for instance, those involved in unintentional traffic accidents are spared, while those guilty of drunk driving or egregious traffic violations are punished with death.
				Over the years, global crime rates have decreased by 70%, and KIRA's punishments have now extended to those committing minor offenses, such as petty theft or vandalism.
			THBT you should trigger Mugentsukuyomi（無限月読）
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				In the age of "Shinobi (Ninja)," 5 superpowers were always at war, using a magical power called "Chakra." Chakra is the internal energy of people, and with Chakra, humans can use some "Ninjutsu" (e.g., cause thunder, heal injured people.)	You are one of the best Shinobi in the world. Your brother was killed in the war, and at the end of his life, you promised him to create a world without war. After tens of years of experimentation, you invented a Ninjutsu called "MugenTsukuyomi," which, once triggered, shows a never-ending illusion to every person until they die. In the illusion of Mugentsukuyomi, people can live in the world they want to live.	While you spend time on experiments, the world has changed. Because of massive casualties in the war, 5 superpowers made an armistice and shifted to using diplomatic efforts to solve a conflict. Mugentsukuyomi needs a large amount of Chakra at once to trigger, and to fulfill the requirement, you have to kill thousands of people.
			THW spread Parasyte and negotiate with human beings to stop environmental destruction
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				You are an outstanding biological scientist with a strong commitment to environmental activism. One day, you succeeded in generating and mass-producing "parasyte,"  a creature that parasitizes humans. Once they take over a human host, they deprive the host of autonomy and begin killing others to reduce the human population on Earth.	For the purpose of this debate, it is feasible for you to spread parasyte all over the world without any danger, and your engagement in this would never be known to others.
		Rookie GF
			THR Hanachan's decition
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Hana-chan is a 5-year-old girl, living with her poor mother in a small rural town. Since she strongly hoped to get a Christmas present, her mother gave her legs to a witch to get one. Yet Hana-chan, then, decided to meet the witch and give her memories in exchange for getting the legs back.
			THW start debating today
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				"Daigaku Debut' refers to an attempt to change one's image and behavior when one starts university. You are a freshman in college in Japan and have worked hard to make your 'Daigaku Debut.' You dyed your hair, tried to act brighter than you used to, and joined a football club. Things were going well until the fall when you gradually felt tired. You broke up with your partner, whom you started dating after starting college, before Christmas. Simply put, you failed in 'Daigaku Debut.'
				Feeling that your college life was not fulfilling, you became interested in the English Debate Circle. Although you have no overseas experience, you feel your English is not so bad and you are relatively quick-witted. You found a tournament called 'Asian Bridge 2025' and asked the OrgCom if you could observe rounds, and they accepted.
				You observed the round X, and you were strongly impressed. Debaters of the same grade as you interpret difficult (but very interesting!!) motions well and make very logically persuasive arguments in fluent English. However, it is also true that you were overwhelmed and felt anxiety about whether you would catch up with them."
			THP a world LA
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Love Alarm refers to an app that sounds an alarm when someone who likes you approaches you. When a person who has a crush on you approaches in a 10-meter radius, an alarm will sound to inform you of their existence. A world LA has a norm where most people subscribe to Love Alarm and are triggered by this app to start a romance.
	Asian Bridge 2024
		R1
			THW prohibit mass media from entering sites of disaster
				Balance $stats 0, 4, 13
				Veto $stats 8, 1, 26
			THW legalize the usage of recreational drugs (e.g. cocaine, marijuana, MDMA, etc.) in areas where they are highly prevalent
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 13
				Veto $stats 3, 5, 26
			THS the use of artificial intelligence to triage patients when medical resource is severely limited (e.g. pandemic, major disaster)
				Balance $stats 3, 0, 13
				Veto $stats 2, 7, 26
				Triage is the sorting of and allocation of treatment to patients and especially battle and disaster victims according to a system of priorities designed to maximize the number of survivors
		R2
			THR the glorification of studying abroad in university
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 13
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 26
			THBT Black parents living in developed nations should actively discourage their kids from using African-American Vernacular English in favour of Standardized English
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 13
				Veto $stats 6, 11, 26
				African-American Vernacular English is the variety of English natively spoken, particularly in urban communities, by most working- and middle-class African Americans. It is a form of English that is often categorized as "unprofessional" in corporate and academic settings.
			THW allow parents to remove their children from specific classes at school (such as sports, religious studies, sex education and science) on moral, religious or political grounds
				Balance $stats 5, 3, 13
				Veto $stats 4, 0, 26
		R3
			THR the rise in political consumerism
				Balance $stats 1, 5, 13
				Veto $stats 4, 1, 26
				Political consumerism refers to people making choices about what to consume based on the politics of the company in question (e.g. boycotting Chick-Fil-A for its stance against abortion, not buying from Ben&Jerry because they advocated for gay marriage).
			THBT all large data AI repositories should be forced to pay companies for training data skimmed from the internet, even in instances where they are typically free for users (e.g. youtube, Reddit, Facebook, CNN, BBC, etc.)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 13
				Veto $stats 8, 7, 26
			THO 100% zero-emission vehicle policies
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 13
				Veto $stats 1, 5, 26
				Recently, many developed countries have announced laws to ban the sales of internal combustion engine vehicles (ICEVs) and hybrid vehicles (HVs) and make 100% of the cars zero-emission (i.e. electric) by 2035-2040. Consequently, most car companies, including Tesla, Ford, and Toyota, have announced to invest significantly on electric vehicles (EVs) at the expense of stopping development of other vehicles. Investing in EVs require massive change in supply chain and employment, as the components for electric vehicles are significantly different from ICEVs.
		R4
			THR the prevalence of Mary Sue characters in mainstream movies and TV shows
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 13
				Veto $stats 7, 6, 26
				A Mary Sue is a character archetype in fiction, usually a young woman, who is often portrayed as extremely competent across all domains, gifted with unique talents or powers, liked or respected by most other characters, unrealistically free of weaknesses, extremely attractive, innately virtuous, and/or generally lacking meaningful character flaws.
			TH, as the Korean feminist movement, opposes the rise of K-pop
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 13
				Veto $stats 1, 4, 26
			THBT artists (e.g. Kanye West, Taylor Swift, Emma Watson) actively participating in politics do more harm than good to democracy
				Balance $stats 0, 5, 13
				Veto $stats 5, 3, 26
		QF
			TH, as the Japanese LGBTQIA+ movement, regrets the popularization of Boy's Love and Yuri content
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				Boy's Love (depicting male-male sexual / romantic relationships) and Yuri (depicting female-female sexual / romantic relationships) content typically revolve around romantic storylines between conventionally attractive individuals that engage in "devious" sex. Authors of BL are usually cis-females, and authors of Yuri are cis-males, who have been criticized for fetshizing gay and lesbian people, fantasizing same-sex relationships, and romanticizing the lives of queer people
			TH, as the Ballroom community, would welcome individuals with no Ballroom background to partake in traditionally Ballroom-exclusive acts
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 8
				A drag queen is a person, often a man, who uses clothing and makeup to imitate and often exaggerate female gender signifiers and gender roles for entertainment purposes. In modern times, drag queens are associated with gay men and gay culture, and pageants where drag queens compete against each other are held. The Ballroom community is a African-American / Latino drag culture that emerged in opposition to racism experienced in established drag queen pageant circuits. In order to participate in a "ballroom", participants will compete in a "ball" arranged by the community across different categories. Ballroom is characterized by participants being split into groups called "drag families", where the leader ("drag mother") teaches the members ("drag daughter") skills necessary to win in drag competitions. Recently, the Ballroom community has become popular due to the popularization on TV, and the community has been very vocal about non-Ballroom individuals partaking in those acts, exclaiming that non-Ballroom individuals doing those acts have committed grave cultural appropriation, etc.
			THP that the LGBTQIA+ movement emphasizes differentiating individuals (e.g. differences of being black gay person and a white gay person) within one minority group as the main approach rather than the message of strong cohesion
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 8
		SF
			THBT Japanese new principle of weapons exports is in the interest of Japan
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Japanese government recently rectified the principle of weapon exports which is called 防衛装備移転三原則. This new principle allows Japan to export full-established weapon to 7 other countries in addition to the U.S. (UK, France, Germany, Italy, Belgium, Sweden, Norway), whereas the old principle only allowed to export parts of weapon to the US. It also allows the exportation of weapons from the 8 countries mentioned above to third countries if Japan agrees.
			THR the narrative of the American Dream
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
				The American dream is the narrative that everyone has the equal opportunity to achieve individual success depending on how hard they work despite the many challenges, since there are few formal barriers such as laws. This narrative is often aimed towards immigrants and those looking to migrate to the US.
			THR the emphasis on regional representation in adjudication core
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
		GF
			TH, as you, would quit your job at your local community paper and take the job at the region wide newspaper
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				You are a Black journalist who works for a city wide community newspaper that creates stories about the Black community, with a large amount of readers. You have found success through your work in this newspaper, recognized as a figure that helps empower Black individuals, and you are&nbsp; the top journalist, meaning all of your stories are featured on the newspaper and you have the&nbsp; authority to write about whatever you want at your current paper. The biggest newspaper in your state, who has an audience that is 5 times your current newspaper, which is predominately White&nbsp; and houses many journalists, offers you a job to write for their paper exclusively. Although the pay&nbsp; is higher than your current salary, you will start at the bottom as a junior journalist, and must climb the ranks to become a top journalist
			THP being a conventionally attractive individual with average levels of intelligence opposed to an averagely attractive individual with high levels of intelligence
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THP to live in the world of "Matched"
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				In the world of "Matched", your life is planned out for you by the state: who you are going to marry is selected from the pool of eligible citizens based on the best genetic and personality match that ensures healthy children, which job you have is determined for you according to your intelligence and ability based on your performance and interests in school, and all citizens are painlessly poisoned to death at the age of 70 in a state-organized ceremony that is attended by all your family members because medical technology has developed to the point where all diseases have been eradicated.
		Rookie GF
			THR the emphasis of the effect of environmental factors to success
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THBT labeling others as "メンヘラ (me-nn-he-ra)" to justify cutting them off does more harm than good for self-development
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				メンヘラ refers to a person, usually a female, who displays signs of emotional instability in friendships/romantic relationships. Their insecurity manifests as possessive thoughts and actions, overprotectiveness, and extreme jealousy that appears eccentric and terrifying to others.
			THW heavily discourage 自然派育児 (shi-zen-ha-iku-ji)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				自然派育児 is a parenting style based on rejection of artificial products. Supporters of 自然派育児 often eat only organic food, glorify natural childbirth heavily, reject science-based medical treatment.
	Asian Bridge 2023
		R1: Charactersation Battle
			THW replace human judges with AI judges in all parliamentary debate tournaments
			THBT students should be able to choose their teachers
			THS tourism that involves visiting and observing impoverished urban areas (slum tourism)
		R2: Politics
			THBT states with aging population should opt for policies that increase immigration (e.g. more visas) rather than ones that encourage citizens to have more children (e.g. tax benefits)
			THR the rise of celebrities and artists openly supporting politicians
			THW set consumption tax at rates in proportion to the environmental impacts of the goods (low tax for low-impact goods, high tax for high-impact goods)
		R3: Mixed Up
			THW ban combat sports
				A combat sport is a competitive contact sport that usually involves one-on-one combat. In many combat sports, a contestant wins by submitting the opponent with a hold, disabling the opponent (knockout, KO), or attacking the opponent in a specific or designated technique.
			THW abolish tax exemptions for religious organizations which discriminate against sexual minorities
			THS Neko Hodai
				Neko Hodai (ねこホーダイ) is a subscription scheme in which paying users can adopt a cat from an animal shelter and return it when they can no longer take care of it.
		R4: Crime and Conflict
			THW pardon members of militant groups who were recruited when they were children, in exchange for leaving the group
			THS the use of predictive algorithm in criminal court
				For the purpose of this debate, "predictive algorithm" is a tool that uses big data to predict the likelihood of second offense by the defendant. Judges can increase/decrease the extent of punishment (e.g. sentencing, bail, or whether to grant/deny parole) based on the predictions.
			In the context of post ethnic/religious conflict area, THW financially incentivize interracial and interfaith marriage
		QF: Minority
			THBT the LGBTIAQ+ movement should push the reinterpretation of religious texts rather than the narrative against religions
				One example of sexuality-affirming reinterpretation of religious texts is about the story of Sodom and Gomorra in Christianity. One conventional interpretation argues that this story censures homosexuality, while some activists push another interpretation that this story does not deny homosexuality, and it just criticizes inhospitality and the negative treatment of guests.
			THBT oppressed indigenous minorities should embrace and promote inaccurate but positive myths or beliefs about their culture. （e.g. depicting aboriginal people in Australia as "friendly people with purely traditional cultural practices")
			THBT international sports events should not be held in countries suspected of human rights violations.
		SF / Rookie GF: Narrative
			THO the narrative that romantic feelings/relationships are valuable
			THR the glorification of soldiers as heroes
			THR the prevalence of battlefield metaphors in describing the conditions of individuals with chronic diseases (e.g. “cancer survivor”, “fighting leukemia” and “losing the battle against Alzheimer's disease”)
		GF: Difficult Enough for GF?
			In a parliamentary democracy, THW immediately trigger a general election when the prime minister steps down(e.g. After Shinzo Abe stepped down, after Boris Johnson stepped down)
			THBT universities should prohibit research or teaching on the grounds of sexist, racist or otherwise discriminatory implications
			THR the rise of TV shows in the "true crime" genre that portray perpetrators in sensational criminal incidents as "misunderstood misfits"(eg. Netflix's "Monster: The Jeffrey Dahmer Story")
	ASIAN BRIDGE 2022
		R1
			THW allow immigrants to vote in all elections.
			TH regrets the dominant narrative that school teachers should be politically neutral in front of students.
			During an election race, THBT mass media should not mention the probability of each candidate to be elected.
		R2
			THW pay a wage for housework.
			THBT feminist movement should actively promote female participation in military.
			THBT feminist movement should actively criticize productions which depict female characters as sexually attractive.
		R3
			THW ban video games in which the players engage in brutal violence in a realistic setting.
			THW ban selling dogs and cats at pet stores .
			THW prohibit religious organizations from establishing schools.
	ASIAN BRIDGE 2021
		R1:
			THW introduce a female quota in parliament.
			THBT figureheads of national liberation movement should refrain from running for elected office after their movements succeed.
			THW give extra votes to citizens based on their performance on a current affairs test.
		R2:
			TH regrets the narrative that going to a prestigious university is a prerequisite for success.
			THW require all religious schools to provide sex education regardless of parental consent.
			THW mandate doctors to report all cases of suspected domestic violence.
		R3:
			TH opposes the use of sex appeal intended to gain interest in female sports.
			TH, as feminists, would publicly encourage women to use the rape-prevention products (e.g. Undercover Colors)
				'Undercover Colors' is wearable nail tech that identifies the presence of date rape drugs in one's drink through color change.
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose popular fairy tales which portray traditional gender roles.
	ASIAN BRIDGE 2020
		R1
			THBT parents should be legally liable for the criminal acts committed by their children.
			THW criminalize gang membership.
			THW prohibit corporations from accessing criminal record of job applicants.
		R2
			THW introduce 100% inheritance tax.
			THW not give financial assistance for the reconstruction of disaster prone areas.
			THW eliminate Anti Homeless Architecture.
				Anti Homeless Architecture refers to a controversial urban design trend in which public spaces are constructed or altered to discourage people from using them in a way not intended by the owner. It is most typically associated with discrimination against the homeless in the form of “anti-homeless spikes” — studs embedded in flat surfaces to make sleeping rough impractical.
		R3
			THBT feminist movement should actively promote female participation in military.
			THBT the feminist movement should actively discourage women to take risky behavior (wearing seductive cloting, drinking alcohol etc.) in order to avoid sexual assault.
			THW ban all forms of pornography.
	ASIAN BRIDGE 2019
		R1: MEDIA
			THW limit airtime/coverage for terrorist incidents to only reporting of statistics.
			Assuming feasibility, THW replace all adjudicators with AI.
			THBT public universities in liberal developing countries.
		R2: POLITICS
			THW allow public servants to criticize their government.
			THBT top officials affected by personal scandal should resign.
			THW ban celebrities from participating in politics.
		R3: EDUCATION
			TH oppose tiger-parenting as a form of education.
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose fairy tales which portray traditional gender roles.
			THW allow minorities to design and teach their own history curriculum in schools.
	Asian Bridge 2018
		R1
			THBT universities should never prohibit research or teaching on he grounds of sexist, racist or otherwise discriminatory implications.
			THBT parents and educators should actively encourage children to invest in their physical appearance and attractiveness.
			THW ban private schools.
		R2
			THW allow immigrants to vote in all elections.
			THBT it is legitimate for indigenous communities to take armed resistance against development projects which affects their communities.
			THW establish exclusive schools for the LGBTQ.
		R3
			THBT US should ban the private ownership of all guns.
			TH, as Okinawan people, would seek for independence from Japan.
			THW torture terrorist for information.
	Asian Bridge 2017
		R1: Money
			In times of economic crisis, THBT governments should withhold information that negatively affects the economy from the public.
			THBT governments which societies have gender gap should financially incentivize men to be house-husbands.
			In the context of post conflict area, THW financially incentivize interracial and interfaith marriage.
		R2: 古典
			THW prohibit methods of animal slaughter prescribed by religions that cause prolonged pain to the animals involved.
			THW legalize the usage of all recreational drugs including but not limited to marijuana, cocaine, and MDMA.
			THW require all schools to provide sex education.
		R3: Discourse
			THW ban broadcasting crimes which supposed togain public attention.
			As a scientist who found new mental disease, THW not name that disease.
			THBT LGBT community should oppose hook upculture.
	Asian Bridge 2016
		R1
			THW introduce female quota to the number of executive board of companies.
			THBT apparence is legitimate criteria for employment.
			THW prohibit price gounging after natural disasters.
		R2
			THW include graphic images of the process and consequence of abortion in the teaching of sex education in public schools.
			THW abolish the minimum age requirement for marriage.
			THBT the disability rights movement should exploit rather than oppose “inspiration porn.”
		R3
			THBT juries should only include individuals that are from the same socio-economic class as the defendant.
			THW abolish vernacular schools.
			THBT governments should prioritize the influx of immingrants rather than incentivizing higher rates of children from citizens.
	Asian Bridge 2015
		R1
			THW ban the public display of sacrilegious art.
			THW prohibit methods of animal slaughter prescribed by religions that cause prolonged pain to the animal.
			THW ban enterprises that seek to gain profit from the supernatural(such as fortune telling, ghost busters etc)
		R2
			THW no longer require the victim’s onsent to prosecute those guilty of committing domestic violence.
			THW establish exclusive schools for the LGBTQ.
			THW exempt indigenous communities from laws relating to environmental protection.
		R3
			THW ban advertisements which utilize traditional gender roles.
			THBT female movements should seek a ban on pornogrphy.
			THBT army bases should have their own brothels.
	Asian Bridge 2014
		R1
			THW abolish school uniform.
			THBT parents should not have the right to deny medical treatment to their children on religioud grounds.
			THW criminalize the payment of ransom.
		R2: Freedom and choices
			THW legalize sadomasochism.
			THBT those on organ transplant waiting lists should be prioritized according to lifestyle options.
			THW ban smoking in public places.
		R3: The power and influence
			THBT there should be a minimum Body Mass Index (BMI) for women on television.
			THBT political parties do more harm than good to democratic elections.
			THBT the feminism movement should condemn female popstars’ sexually provocative performances.
	Asian Bridge 2013
		R1: Democracy Now!
			THW make voting mandatory.
			THBT democratic reform is more important than economic growth for China.
			THW televise court trials.
		R2: Goodbye, Authorities
			THW prohibit religious organizations from establishing schools.
			THW cap the number of patents which one company can simultaneously hold.
			THBT parents whose children are grossly obese should be punished for child abuse.
		R3: Love ＆ Sex
			THW allow surrogacy for profit in developing countries.
			THBT the media should not fabricate extra-marital affairs.
			THBT doctors should reveal the information about patients’ sexual transmitted diseases to their partners even without their consents.
	Asian道場 2012
		R1: School with Authority
			THBT employers should not have access to job applicants’ academic background.
			THW ban homeschooling.
			THBT developing states should prioritize the education for the mass over the education for creating elites.
		R2: Radical Ways
			THW impose physical castration on sex offenders.
			THBT rape trials should be presided exclusively by female judges/juries.
			THW legalize bestiality.
		R3: Social Movements
			THBT gay parade does more harm than good to gay community.
			THBT feminist movements should not campaign against polygamy in poor countries.
			THBT social movements should use the courts rather than the legislature to advance social change.