Keio Debate Open / Kanto Debate Open / Debate no Susume
	Keio Debate Open 2024 (2.24-25)
		R1
			THR Newspaper Scholarship
				Balance $stats 0, 5, 14
				Veto $stats 9, 0, 28
				Newspaper Scholarship is a form of scholarship that covers all tuition fee and a significant part of living expenses in exchange for delivering newspaper (typically at early morning and evening with 6 day-off per month). Students are exempted from the repayment as long as they deliver newspaper.
			THBT secular schools should teach relativism as a primary moral standard
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 14
				Veto $stats 1, 14, 28
				Relativism is a belief that moral judgments are relative to cultural, individual, and historical contexts.
			As a teacher from an underprivileged minority, THW intentionally inflate the grades of students from similarly disadvantaged groups
				Balance $stats 6, 3, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 0, 28
		R2
			THS Disney's decision to prioritize storytelling over messaging
				Balance $stats 1, 5, 14
				Veto $stats 5, 5, 28
				Bob Iger is Chief Executive Officer of Disney and he recently announced that he would no longer tolerate his company’s partners and creative team prioritizing messaging over storytelling. At the DealBook Summit in New York, he said "Creators lost sight of what their No. 1 objective needed to be, We have to entertain first. It’s not about messages." Messaging in this context means to create contents which mainly focus on diversity influenced by political correctness.（e.g. STRANGE WORLD (2022), The Little Mermaid (2023) etc...）
			THW grant original authors the right to suspend the publication of their remake versions at any point of time
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 8, 28
			THR the glorification of soldiers as heroes
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 5, 1, 28
		R3
			TH, as Company A, Would apply for an IPO
				Balance $stats 5, 3, 14
				Veto $stats 2, 4, 28
				A unicorn company refers to an unlisted startup company with a value of over $1 billion. Company A is a unicorn company who runs apparell business globally. Their comparative advantage primerily lies in its low price.  An IPO is an initial public offering, in which shares of a private company are made available to the public for the first time. IPO allows a company to raise equity capital from public investors, while they can be faced with more scruitny from them and regulators.
			THW ban retail platforms from selling their own developed products on their platforms (e.g. Kindle on Amazon)
				Balance $stats 3, 0, 14
				Veto $stats 8, 6, 28
			THR the rise in the use of easy-to-access, online platforms for financial trading (e.g. Robinhood)
				Balance $stats 0, 3, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 4, 28
		R4
			THBT organizations providing care for people with disabilities should emphasize what makes the job unique and distinct from other jobs, rather than emphasize the similarities with other jobs
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 9, 28
			THR the rise of teenagers at the forefront of social movements
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 14
				Veto $stats 5, 4, 28
			THO the depiction of characters overcoming sports-related diseases in popular culture (e.g. In the basketball manga and anime "Slam Dunk," Sprain is depicted, and in the baseball manga and anime "Major," the Yips are portrayed)
				Balance $stats 6, 0, 14
				Veto $stats 5, 1, 28
		QF
			THO Principle of Concentration of Responsibility on the State in space law
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 8
				"Concentration of Responsibility on the State", which is established in outer space treaty in 1967, refers to a principle that hold states are liable for damages that occur within their territory, even in the instances where non-state actrors cause them. States are obliged to grant permissions and monitor the space activity
			THR the dominant perception that natural science is politically neutral
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 8
			In functioning democracies with one dominant political party, THP opposition parties to predominantly campaign on specific issues and policies (e.g. unemployment, education, the environment) rather than predominantly on the basis of moral character (e.g. integrity, transparency, corruption)
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
		SF
			Assuming feasibility, THW replace the national currency with "Non-interest Currency"
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				"Non-interest Currency" is a currency advocated by the philosopher Silvio Gesell, which depreciates at a constant rate, in proportion to the passage of time. For example, the 1000 yen held today would change to 995 yen next month and to 990 yen the month after that.
			THO the privatization of public utilities (e.g. electric utilities, water, telecommunications)
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			TH, as the Democratic Party of the US, Would seek to reduce military and economical support to Israel unless Israel pivots towards cease-fire with Hamas
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 4
		GF
			THP a world where all individuals commit to Maranasati
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 2
				Maranasati refers to regularly or continuously contemplating the inevitability of death and the fragility of the human body.
			THR the glorification of individuals doing what other people do not want to do
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 2
			THP a world with a dominant norm that work should not be the primary source of personal identity
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
		RSF
			THS relationship minimalism
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				Relationship Minimalism refers to the practice of intentionally maintaining a compact social circle, focusing on nurturing meaningful connections while letting go of those that do not contribute significantly to one's life.
			THW hold internet service providers and website companies legally liable for contents created by users of their services
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 4
			THO the increasing trend to abolish smoking places
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
		RGF
			THBT it is NOT in the best interests of college-graduate parents with a small child to live in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 2
				Tokyo Metropolitan Area is made up of Tokyo and the three neighboring prefectures of Saitama, Chiba, and Kanagawa. This area is home to around 30% of Japan's total population. 
			THO Fukui Prefecture's promotion emphasizing themselves as the happiest prefecture in Japan
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Fukui prefecture is a relatively rural, less populous, politically conservative prefecture in Japan. It ranked first on an overall happiness index among the nation’s 47 prefectures for consecutive ten years, which was published by a private thinktank. The index considers 
			THBT governments should NOT fund reconstruction in areas that are prone to natural disasters
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 2
	Keio Debate Open 2023 (3.11-12)
		R1: Heavily Drunk Groom
			As LGBTQ+ community, THW actively support people opting out of their marriage to pursue their sexual orientation
			THP a world without the system of marriage
			Assuming technologically feasible, THW force couples to see the end of their relationship (Only way to change the end of relationship is to break up, and any other attempt to change will be unsuccessful even after using the technology.)
		R2: Break or Mental Break
			THR the rise of pop psychology
				Pop psychology refers to popular theories and ideas about human psychology that are marketed to the general public. Examples include, but are not limited to, personality tests and self-help literature that claims to have scientific psychological backing.
			THR the increasing medical classification of behavioral patterns as psychological illnesses
			THR the increased reliance on professional psychological help as a means of emotional healing, at the expense of religion
		R3: Politics
			THP lottocracy to representative democracy
				Lottocracy is a form of democracy in which all representatives are chosen by lot. In lottocracy, representatives are randomly selected from citizens reflecting population composition, such as age groups, gender, residential areas, and occupations to form a sample of that place.
			THBT progressive activists should actively attempt to hijack hashtags utilized by right wings
			THBT personalized advertisements for political campaign do more harm than good
		R4: Art is an Explosion
			THW replace direct state funding of arts with the regular distribution of culture vouchers
				A culture voucher is a token that can be reimbursed for various cultural activities (e.g. theatre tickets,gallery entrance fees etc.)up to a fixed monetary value.At the point of the use,the state pays the relevant cost of the culturalactivity for which the voucher was reimbursed.These tokens are not currently issued in the status quo.
			As Black people,TH opposes arts depicting the suffering of black people created by white people (e.g."Open Casket" by Dana Schutz)
				https://media.newyorker.com/photos/59097fb7c14b3c606c109cc3/master/w_1600%2Cc_limit/170410_r29690.jpg
			THP a world where individials don't apply Reality Principle to artworks
				Reality Principle is a principle that asks readers to understand fictional world as much like the real world.With this principle in mind,on reading fictional characters behaviour and events,we ask what would be the case in real world if all these were true.
		Rookie SF: Kawaii is Justice
			Assuming feasibility, THW incapacitate people of committing crime
			THW legalise vigilantism in high crime areas
			THBT being socially sanctioned should be mitigatory factor in criminal sentencing (e.g. granted decreased punishment when a criminal is stigmatised / doxxed on social media)
		Rookie GF: Chu!
			THP a world where minorities from privileged backgrounds themselves reject benefits arising from affirmative action programs
			THBT prominent civil society activists should choose not to run for elected office
			HBT environmental movements should reject funding from companies that they(environmental movement) deem to commit greenwashing
		Open Pre-SF
			THW incentivize companies to have idle labor beyond certain ratio among their workers
				Idle labor refers to workers who have available capacity to do more work because they are not currently 100% utilized.
			THBT LGBTQ+ movement in non-western countries should predominantly use local terminologies, as opposed to western terminologies, in describing LGBTQ+ issues
			As feminist movement, THS the portrayal of female villain as the source of fear in films (ex. Miranda Priestly in the Devil Wears Prada, Carrie in Carrie, Dolores Umbridge in Harry Potter)
		Open SF
			Assuming feasibility, THBT WPM of parliamentary debate speech should be limited
			THO fetishizing linguistic immaturity of those who are speaking not in their native tongue
			THP policies regarding the teaching and use of language being descriptive to ones being prescriptive
				When teaching language, prescriptive policies say that there are specific, strict rules to language and grammar that must be followed to speak 'good' language. These rules are taught to everyone in school and become the norm in professional settings.
				In contrast, descriptive policies do not want specific rules to be taught, but rather just describe different uses of language without saying one is 'correct'.
				Rules are thus made according to the daily usage of the language by speakers.
				For example, prescriptive policies would not be ok with sentences like "To boldly go where no man has gone before", " is a student", "'I am shook"", or variations of language such as Singlish or Spanglish, whereas descriptive policies would be.
		Open GF
			TH, as YuyuyuGaming, would continue development on 'Debapex Legends' rather than 'Debario Kart'
				YuyuyuGaming is a medium sized video game company in the very early stages of developing two new online competitive games called 'Debapex Legends' and ‘Debario Kart'. They are currently deciding which game they will continue production on and which game they will halt production on. In 'Debapex Legends', the game’s mechanics would prioritise a very high degree of skill expression in determining results(like Smas Bros, VALORANT or LoL). In 'Debario Kart', the game’s mechanics would prioritise unexpected outcomes and randomness in determining results (like Fall Guys, Uno or Debate).
			THW nationalize application distribution platforms (e.g. App store, Google Play)
			THR modern medicine's prioritisation of longevity over quality of life (e.g. extending lifespan vs. palliative care)
	Kanto Debate Open 2022 (3.5-6)
		R1
			THW ban child Muay Thai competitions.
				Muay Thai is considered the national sport of Thailand and is culturally significant. It is a widely competed sport in Thailand across all age groups. In rural parts of Thailand, child muay thai competitions are commonplace, and the prize money is significant enough for some child athletes to be the sole breadwinner of the family.
			TH, as a parent, would raise their child to have a pessimistic outlook on life.
			THW allow people raised in isolated communities (e.g. Amish, Hasidic Jews) to sue their communities for losses caused by their lifestyle.
		R2
			THBT the state should fund the creation of, and access to, realistic androids that simulate romantic relationships.
			THW force automated car manufacturing companies to design an algorithm that generally prioritises the safety of pedestrians over the safety of the passenger in case of an accident.
			THP a world where all contracts are forcibly executed by magical power.
		R3
			THW ban non compete clause.
				Non compete clause is a clause under which one party (usually an employee) agrees to the other party(usually the employer) not to 
				①enter into or start a similar profession of another party (usually the employer) 
				②operate business in competition against another party (usually the employer) 
				③headhunt ex-colleagues or an entire team for a certain period of time.
			THR the increasing popularity of buy-now-pay-later services (e.g. Afterpay, Affirm, Klarna, Paidy etc.).
				Buy now pay later(BNPL) arrangements are point-of-sale installment loans that allow consumers to make purchases and pay for them at a future date. BNPL often doesn't charge interest and is often easier to get approved for than traditional credit cards or lines of credit are. Normally, BNPL doesn't affect your credit score; however, late payments or failing to pay can damage your credit score.
			THP a world with the dominance of the narrative that  "shareholders are the owner of the company"
		R4
			THBT "have it all" feminism has done more harm than good.
				“Have it all” feminism argues that it is possible and desirable for women to pursue and balance having both a successful career and having a family.
			THO the narrative that love (romantic, familial, etc.) is about sacrifice.
			・THBT marriage is incompatible with feminism.
		Open QF
			THBT universities should abolish academic tenure.
				Academic tenure is a type of academic appointment in universities where an academic's employment cannot be terminated except in exceptional circumstances (e.g. a crime, a serious breach of duties, the university being unable to pay them). It is usually granted to senior academics.
			THBT Japanese government should significantly increase the salary of bureaucrats.
			THBT Japanese government should actively encourage the utilization of foreign IT professionals (including but not limited to inviting "software engineers, data scientists, web developers, etc., " as immigrants, or by encouraging offshore development) rather than training its citizens.
		Open SF
			TH, as West, would offer to cease all sanctions against Russia in exchange for an immediate ceasefire with Ukraine.
			TH, as a Jewish individual living outside of Israel, W oppose the use of "antisemitism" labeling against pro-Palestinian independence ideologies.
			THS the creation of an ASEAN monetary union.
		Open GF
			THBT all decisions made through functional democracy are legitimate.
			In a multiethnic country, THW only allow candidates from different ethnicity from the last president to run for the presidential election.
			THBT the arrival of technological singularity will bring more harm than good.
				In technology, the singularity describes a hypothetical future where technology growth is out of control and irreversible. These intelligent and powerful technologies will radically and unpredictably transform our reality. Most notably, the singularity would involve computer programs becoming so advanced that artificial intelligence (AI) transcends human intelligence, potentially erasing the boundary between humanity and computers. This may lead to the creation of AI that can develop a superior AI that humans cannot understand how its algorism is functioning.
		Rookie SF
			TH opposes peace education that uses shocking graphic images of war victims.
			THP a world where unconditional euthanasia is widely accessible.
			THW introduce 50% quota for politicians from STEM background at the parliament.
		Rookie GF
			THP "underworld".
				For the purpose of this debate, in the world of "underworld" people are assigned with the profession that perfectly matches the innate talent that people possess at the point of birth and each job is allocated to an individual to maximize the efficiency of the entire society.
			THBT parliamentary debate will be better off with full-anonymity in the debate room (e.g. debate online, not allow debaters to turn on the camera, use voice changer apps, etc.).
			THO consumeristic life style.
				Consumeristic lifestyle: A lifestyle that seeks to achieve happiness of oneself by giving huge attention to buying and owning goods / experiencing services etc.
	Keio Debate Open 2021
		R1:
			This House believes that religious education in developing countries has done more harm than good
			This House believes that university funding should be distributed equally across all universities as opposed to proportionally to their achievements
			This House would allow private corporations to buy contracts to educate and train prisoners in prisons in return for a percentage of their income when they are released
		R2:
			This House believes that minorities should engage in respectability politics
				The notion of respectability politics holds that conforming to mainstream standards of appearance and behaviour will lead communities to achieving respect, and therefore, getting better treatment in society.
			This House regrets the label "Nazi" used to describe extremist movements
			This House, as feminists, regrets the rise of platforms that allow self-commodification of one's sex appeals (e.g. OnlyFans, Sugarbook, etc.)
		R3:
			This House regrets the glorification of productivity
			This House would nationalise all research into artificial general intelligence (AGI)
				Artificial general intelligence, also known as 'strong AI', is a level of artificial intelligence where the machine's capability to understand and learn any intellectual task is functionally equal to a human's.
			This House believes that states should subconsciously nudge its citizens towards making socially desirable choices
				Nudging is a concept in behavioural economics which proposes positive reinforcement and indirect suggestions as ways to influence the behaviour and decision-making of groups or individuals.
		R4:
			In times of economic recessions, This House would implement a minimum spend policy
				A minimum spend policy requires households to spend a designated percentage of their income and/or wealth in a given period of time. This policy applies progressively, and would replace tax either partially or entirely.
			This House prefers a model of economic development that primarily relies upon microfinance as opposed to the development of traditional financial institutions
				Microfinance is a type of banking service targeted to unemployed or low-income individuals and groups who otherwise would have no other access to financial services. Microfinancial services include the provision of checking and savings accounts, financial education, and lending.
			This House believes that state-owned enterprises in primary industries should retain full state ownership rather than declare an Initial Public Offering (IPO)
				A primary industry is any industry involved in the extraction and production of raw materials, such as farming, logging, hunting, fishing, and mining. The primary sector tends to make up a larger portion of the economy in developing countries than it does in developed countries.
		QF:
			In post-conflict societies, This House supports a significant degree of civilian control over the military as opposed to an independent military
			In nascent democracies, This House believes that states should form its military via conscription as opposed to recruitment
			This House believes that leaders of police organisations should be elected by the local communities in which they serve
		SF:
			This House prefers a world whereby religions dictate that entry into heaven is based on peer-based testimony as opposed to adherence to religious laws
			This House prefers a world where lying is not seen as immoral
			This House believes that the Global Middle Class should adopt a nihilist outlook on life
				Nihilism is the belief that nothing in the world has real meaning.
		GF:
			This House, as Joe Biden, would embrace the Green New Deal
				The ‘Green New Deal’ is a proposed economic stimulus package that aims to address climate change and economic inequality. It may include a living wage, a jobs guarantee, and 100% of power demand met by renewable energy. Within the current American political climate, it is seen as radical.
			This House prefers a world where Confucianism were successfully eradicated in China
				Confucianism is the system of ethics, education, and statesmanship taught by Confucius and his disciples, stressing love for humanity, ancestor worship, reverence for parents, and harmony in thought and conduct. The practice and teaching of Confucianism was outlawed in China under the Maoist regime during the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976. There has been a revival in China organically due to its rehabilitation by the Chinese Communist Party.
			This House regrets that leftist movements / organisations in South-East Asia transitioned to political parties (e.g. Parti Sosialis Malaysia, Makabayan bloc in the Philippines, PARSI in Indonesia)
	Debate no Susume Lesson 15(2019)
		R1
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose anti-aging products
			THBT the use of erotic capital by women does more harm than good
			THBT #metoo movement should prioritise a path towards redemption over retribution
		R2
			Assuming Mars has been terraformed and is ready to house human civilisation, THW require that all the settlers on mars be atheists
			TH prefers corporatocracy over democracy
				Corporatocracy is an economic and political system controlled by corporations or corporate incentives.
			THW prefer a monocultural society over a multicultural society
		R3
			THW require that all ads and packaging of luxury goods to include poverty pin ups (e.g. the price of this bag could have sent ten children to school)
			THBT progressives should abandon the rhetoric of the lottery of birth
			THW cancel third-world debts on the condition that the countries will pursue an environment-friendly agenda
		R4
			THR the emphasis on sex in romantic relationships
			THW allow biological fathers to waive their parental rights and responsibilities prior to the maximum allowable time of abortion
			THR the concept of “the one that got away”
				“The one that got away” is a person who you we’re originally supposed to end up with, but due to a cause of fate or by consequences cause by you the relationship failed and as time goes by you wonder what you and that person could have been, making them the one that got away.
		Rookie SF
			THR the transformation of university campuses into safe spaces
				Safe space is a place intended to be free of bias, conflict, criticism, or potentially threatening actions, ideas, or conversations.
			THS racial profiling
			THW allow the testing of experimental treatments on patients with terminal illness
		Rookie GF
			THW nationalise the ownership of Big Data
				Big Data – Extremely large data sets that may be analysed computationally to reveal patterns, trends, and associations, especially relating to human behaviour and interactions
			THW mandate the public display of private collections
			THBT the ICC should be granted the right to use bounty hunters
		Open Pre-QF
			THBT RuPaul’s Drag Race has done more harm than good to the transgender community
				RuPaul’s Drag Race is an American show that makes the fiercest drag queens of America to compete for the title of the Next Drag Superstar. Recently this show has been under criticism for not letting post surgery drag queens to compete.
			THR #NoHomo
				“No homo” is a phrase used as slang at the end of a sentence to assert the statement spoken by the speaker had no intentional homosexual implications.
			TH regrets the choice of trans women to subscribe to traditional standards of female beauty
		Open QF
			THS effective altruism
				Effective altruism is a philosophy and a social movement which holds that actively helping others is of central moral importance, and approaches the choice of possible strategies in a rational and scientific way. An effective altruist follows a utilitarian metric in their charitable endeavours. For example an effective altruist would not give money to beggars but instead donate to UNICEF or a local NGO
			TH prefers a world where memory is permanent and infallible
			TH prefers a world where individuals pursue a personal notion of higher being rather than opting into a religious institution
		Open SF
			THS the ratification of the Bangsamoro Organic Law
				Bangsamoro is a region in the Philippines that is predominantly Muslim that has aspired independence from the Philippines. The people who reside in this region are referred to as the people of Moro and they are compromised of 14 different ethnic groups.The Bangsamoro Organic Law provides the following.
				・80-member diverse parliament.
				・Judiciary system that gives Shari’ah courts jurisdiction over cases exclusively involving Muslims in the region. Allows Tribal laws to still apply to disputes of indigenous peoples within the region.
				・Fiscal autonomy and special development fund. Five percent of the net national internal revenue will be automatically allocated.This law provides the establishment of an autonomous political entity. it allows the region to have it’s own government having access to it’s own budgeting, economic zones, social services and a justice system.
			TH prefers an isolationist America
				Isolationism is a category of foreign policies institutionalised by leaders who assert that their nations’ best interests are best served by keeping the affairs of other countries at a distance.
			THBT Tibet should relinquish its claims to independence in return for semi-autonomous status with China
		Open GF
			THR Filial Piety
				Filial Piety is a virtue of respect for one’s parents, elders, and ancestors. In more general terms, it means to be good to one’s parents; to take care of one’s parents; to engage in good conduct not just towards parents but also outside the home so as to bring a good name to one’s parents and ancestors.
			THW allow children to sue their parents for giving birth to them
			THBT that children of racial minorities should be adopted by parents of their respective races
	Debate no Susume Lesson 14 (2018)
		R1
			THBT income taxes should be levied on the profit produced by AI robots
			TH, as Japan, would shift from a membership-based employment system to a job-based employment system
			THW introduce a licensing system for investment in stock market
		R2
			TH, as a prominent Japanese feminist, would not participate in the #metoo movement
			THBT the feminist movement should condemn women who seek to ‘marry rich’
			THBT social movements should abandon the strategy of attacking and delegitimizing the viewpoints of other people on the basis of their privilege
		R3
			THR the narrative that children should love their parents
			In conservative societies, TH, as the LGBT movement, would actively support lavender marriages
			THW instill nationalism in primary education
		R4
			In post conflict societies, THW subject people who commit severe corruption to the death penalty
			THBT being a victim of child abuse should not be a mitigatory factor in court
			TH opposes the right to keep silent
		Pre-QF
			THW anonymize candidates for political office by making the use digital avatars actors in their campaign
			THW require elected politicains to only use the national healthcare system for medical treatment
			TH regrets the rise of social media as the dominant platform for discourse in western liberal democracies
		QF
			THBT the international community should allow North Korea to posess nuclear weapon
			TH, as Rwanda, would launch a military intervention in the Domestic Republic of the Congo
			THBT Hamas should accept demilitarization in return for a guaranteed sovereign Palestian state
		SF
			THBT artists should not sue fan fiction
			THW nationalize the porn industry
			THW allow publication of works by deceased authors regardless of prior consent
		GF
			THW randomly exchange newborn babies among their parents
			TH prefers a world where human beings naturally die at 50
			TH regrets the dominant narrative that human lives must have a purpose
		Rookie SF
			THW anonymize candidates for political office by making the use digital avatars actors in their campaign
			THW require elected politicians to only use the national healthcare system for medical treatment
			TH regrets the rise of social media as the dominant platform for discourse in western liberal democracies
		Rookie GF
			THW provide welfare in the form of basic goods and services rather than as cash payments
			THW require religious schools to give safe sex education regardless of parental consent
			THW not take any action to discourage individuals from smoking tobacco
	Debate no Susume Lesson 13 (2017)
		R1
			THW allow families with members who have been deemed to be ‘Hikikomori’ for extended periods of time to forcibly commit those members to rehabilitation.
			THBT parents and teachers should actively discourage children from becoming professional youtubers.
			TH opposes the Japanese culture of treating one’s appearance in a humorous manner.
		R2
			THBT social networking services do more harm than good to the democratic process in liberal democracies.
			THBT journalists should not be attached to military units involved in armed conflicts.
			THBT public service media in developing countries should not buy entertainment contents from advanced countries.
		R3
			TH, as a sporting committee, would abolish the draft system.
				A draft system is a system where new athletes are allocated to teams based on lottery instead of the choice of the athlete. The athlete is required to play in the team they are drafted to for a significant amount of time (e.g. 8 years in Japanese baseball) before they can freely choose what team to move to.
			THBT the US would be better off with a multi-party system where the Democratic and Republican parties broke apart into multiple smaller parties.
			TH opposes the narrative that infidelity should lead to break ups.
		R4
			In countries with high levels of youth unemployment (significantly above the national unemployment rate), THBT the state should impose higher taxes on corporations that pay a small proportion of their wages to young people.
			THBT least developed nations should put a cap on land ownership and aggressively redistribute any excess land among its population.
			THW make working a low-wage part-time job for an extended period of time (e.g.150hours) compulsory for all citizens.
		Rookie SF
			THBT school shouls actively teach children romantic relationship management skills (including but not limited to how to get a boyfriend/girlfriend, how to sustain a relationship, how/when to break up, etc…).
			THBT teachers should not include class participation (i.e. how often they spoke up, how actively they engages in class discussions) as a factor of grading students.
			THBT the governments of post conflict societies should delegate their social sciences curriculum to Western countries.
		Rookie GF
			THW put a cap on college tuition fees.
			THW mandate plain packaging on products that have detrimental effects on health(such as tobacco).
				Plain packaging is packaging that illustrates the health effects of products in a visual manner (blackened out lungs, rotten teeth, etc)
			THW require all toys to be marketed as gender neutral products.
		Pre QF
			TH prefers a world in which all religions are exclusively comprised of members of a single gender.
			THW introduce a category for LGBT in prominent entertainment awards.
			THBT the gay rights movement should campaign against the emerging stereotype that homosexual men are sexually attractive (muscular, fashionable, handsome).
		QF
			THBT the US should withdraw its support for rebel groups fighting against the Assad regime.
			THBT the international community should fund and support the establishment of a nation for refugees in currently underpopulated but habitable area(s).
			THBT newly emerging governments of ethnically diverse nations should be governed under an authoritarian government rather than through power sharing.
		SF
			THBT search engines (such as Google) shouls not manipulate search results based on moral or ethical concerns regarding the opinions expressed in queries/webpages.
			THW require corporations that have made unfounded scientific claims to pay compensation to researchers that provide evidence to counter prove their claims.
			THBT a significant proportion of state funding for research should be allocated for every 10-20 years instead of annually.
		GF
			TH, as a debater couple, would choose to never team up in debating tournaments where the primary aim is to succeed competitively.
			THW divide the contract of marriage into two separate contracts for sexual relations and non-sexual family relations.
			TH, as the feminist movement, would campaign against the narrative that men should bear a larger financial burden in romantic relationships.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 12 (2016)
		R1: SHOnen A
			Assuming that it is possible to predict, THW abort babies who have an extremely high propensity of committing crimes.
			TH welcomes the decision of the magazine to go public.
			THW abolish juvenile law.
		R2: #Shocial Media
			THBT social Media websites (e.g. Facebook, Instagram) should not remove content which it deems to be against its site policy.
			THW ban online advertising methods that select advertisements based on viewers’ personal data (including but not limited to, like on Facebook, past purchase on Amazon).
			TH regrets the prominence of social news websites (e.g. Buzzfeed, Slate, Huffington Post, Vox).
		R3: #ElecSHOn
			THW ban negative campaigning.
			THBT the US should abolish presidential primary elections.
			TH prefers proportionate representative system to the first past the post system (=小選挙区)
		R4
			THW grant those diagnosed with terminal illness the right to access treatments that have not completed clinical testings.
			THW abolish patents for drugs which are known to cure/prevent epidemic diseases.
			THW prioritize people who have led healthy lifestyles when allocating scarce medical resources (including but not limited to; organs, treatment etc.)
		Pre QF: Not SHOn up…
			TH, as a successful Black girl, opposes #Black Girl Magic.
				#Black Girl Magic is a term used to illustrate the universal awesomeness of Black women. It is about celebrating anything we deem particularly inspiring, cool, or mind-blowing about themselves.
			THBT the prohibition/legalization of abortion should be decided only by women.
			TH regrets the umbrella term “queer”.
		QF: Semiにくるかと思ったか！(本物)
			THBT South Korea should eternally shut down the Kaesong Industrial Complex.
			THBT the UK should leave the EU.
			THBT the US should fund Anonymous in Bitcoin to fight against ISIS.
		SF: 増コンサンプSHOン
			THW grant more voting rights to shareholders who have held their shares longer.
			TH prefers Free Trade Agreements over the WTO’s single undertaking.
			THBT derivatives do more harm than good.
				A derivative is a security with a price that is dependent upon or derived from multiple underlying assets.
		GF: sho me your love
			THW introduce bachelor tax.
			TH prefers a world without love.
			THW mandate periodical marriage status renewal.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 11(2015)
		R1: 朝から…♡
			THBT schools should provide moderate pornography to their students….
			THBT the feminist movement should celebrate nudism.
			THBT the feminist movement should support women who engage in sexual services to collect money as a charity to promote women’s rights.
				(sexual service = touching, appearing in porn, prostituting etc…)
		R2: “hot” motion
			THW censor promotional videos/articles of the Islamic State (ISIS).
			THBT now is the time to move away from consumerism.
			THBT secular liberal democracies should ban the depiction of Muhammad.
		R3: じぇじぇじぇ ( ‘ jjj ‘ )
			THBT the president of national media should be chosen by the citizens’ vote instead of the government.
			THBT the Japanese government should mandate its citizens to engage in the short-term operation to handle nuclear accidents.
			TH supports the deliberate usage of fearful rhetoric about pandemic situation as a strategy of the international society against it.
		R4: 21世紀の「〇ッチ」論
			Assuming we can quantify, THW impose a tax on individuals based on their social capital.
				Social capital is mainly defined as richness of human relationships individuals have, such as;
				・the amount of bonds, trust and reciprocity in a community or between individuals
				・families or communities who support and cooperate with individuals
				・connections with influencial persons
				・social networks with shared norms, values and understandings.
			THW exempt economically successful corporations from taxations.
			TH prefers taxation on wealth to that on income.
		OF: 今日は記念日♡
			THW establish labour unions exclusively for female workers.
			THW impose gender quota on religious priests.
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose “Tamanokoshi”. (Tamanokoshi is a phenomenon in which women attempt to be rich by marrying somebody wealthy.)
		QF: そろそろテーマ滑ってるよね byトムかすみ以外のコミ
			THW prioritize companies than universities in subsidizing development of technologies.
			THW allow vigilantes to fight against illegal poachers/loggers in remote areas.
			THBT IMF should set global minimum corporation/income tax rates, and oblige its member states to impose them.
		SF: デート中♡に思いついたモーション
			THBT the United Nations should use private military contractors in its peacekeeping operations.
			THBT the West should demand China to join military operations against the Islamic State (ISIS).
			TH, as Okinawa, would seek for independence from Japan.
		GF: Tom&Kasumi’s favorite
			THBT ICC shold prosecute the deprivation of press freedom in wartime.
			TH prefers the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to court system in settling cases related to race in the United States.
			THBT joint hosting by conflicting countries should be prioritized in the election of the host for the Olympic games.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 10(2014)
		R1: Diamond Only
			THBT Supreme court should abolish radicalism parties. (ex Neo Nazi etc.)
			THW fund gay pride events.
			THW abolish court martial.
		R2: False Expectation
			THBT feminism movement should oppose the word “girl’s power”(女子力)
			TH opposes the popular elections of pop idol groups. (ex, AKB48, SUPER GiRLS)
			THW ban ugly contests.
		R3: 悪魔を着たプラダ
			THW prohibit luxury designers’ brands to sue other brands for invasion of proprietary rights and registered trademarks when similar designs to the originals are released in collections.
			TH supports the use of ‘connection’ in job hiring.
			THW financially incentivize individuals for castration in developing countries.
		GF: Antidisestablishmentarianism
			TH prefers a world without marriage.
			THBT secular states should not allow minority groups to implement their own family law systems.
			THW abolish the tenure and instead set term limits for justices in US Supreme Court.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 9(2013)
		R1: Early Morning Miscellaneousness
			THW ban corporations from hiring celebrities to advocate their products and/or services.
			THW no longer require the victim’s consent to prosecute those guilty of committing domestic violence.
			THW ban the public display of sacrilegious arts.
		R2: Ghosts…Yes, The Spooky Stuff
			THW never prosecute exorcists, priests, and witch doctors for any injuries and accidents that occur from their performance of rituals.
			THE ban enterprises that seek to gain profit from the supernatural(such as fortune telling, ghost busters etc)
			THW introduce a time limit on bringing prosecutions for genocide.
		R3: Sports and Its Problems
			THS the use of sex appeal to generate interest in female sports.
			THBT athletes who have been proven guilty to have used performance enhancement drugs have a moral duty to give up the profits that they have gained during their career for an anti drugs campaign.
			THW ban the international recruitment/trade if sports players below the age of 18.
		R4: Our Blue Planet
			THBT the French intervention undermines Malian independence.
			THBT Israel should materially support Arab pro-democratic movements.
			THBT United Kingdom should hold an immediate referendum on whether to remain a member of the European Union.
		QF: The world we all love…FREEDOM
			THBT universities of first world nations should suspend partnerships with universities from the third world. if/when the third world nation implements a legislation that is opposed to the moral value of the first world nation(such as oppression of minorities, severe restrictions on freedom of speech etc)
			THBT the West should promise preferential economic and political cooperation to Arab democracies that adopt secular constitutions.
			THBT free speech should include the right to offend.
		SF: Criminal Justice for The Win
			THW place all criminals with proven gang or organized crime connections in solitary confinement, with no visitation rights, or contact with the outside world(or other prisoners), for the duration of their prison sentences.
			THBT vigilantism should be a defense to criminal charges in jurisdictions with extremely high crime rates.
			THBT a victim’s forgiveness can be used to mitigate a wrongdoer’s prison sentence
		GF: Love Sexy Canadians(Motions)
			TH celebrates the willingness of women to be ‘sluts’
			THBT marriage should not be registered to the state or be legally binding, and remain as a private contract between individuals
			THBT the state should pay a wage to housewives and househusbands
	Debate no Susume Lesson 8(2012)
		R1
			THW televise court trials.
		R2
			THW ban the formation of contracts which prohibits idols idols from getting into a relationship.
		R3
			THW ban religious lobbying.
		R4
			THBT Arab League should intervene militarily in Syria.
		QF
			THW introduce a bachelor tax.
		SF
			THW ban the creation of saviour siblings.
		GF
			THW legalize polygamy/polygyny.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 7(2011)
		R1: Working place
			THW ban companies from recruiting only new graduate students.
			THBT the Japanese government should save whistle-blowers punished by company.
			THW incentivise companies not to choose employees based on their academic back ground
		R2: Love and marriage
			THBT it is better for university students to fall in love with a working member of society rather than those within universities.
			THBT couples should keep their virginity until their marriage.
			THBT people who are about to marry should have a divorce agreement before marriage.
		R3: School
			THBT we should make students together with challenged students in schools.
			THBT the U.S should end the affirmative action for entrance exam of universities.
			THW make it compulsory for students to learn about at least one another religion in all religious schools.
		R4: Politics
			THBT prisoners should have right to vote.
			THBT governments should allow families to cast proxy votes on behalf of their challenged members.
			THW cut the salary of politicians.
		QF: Laws and crime
			THBT the Japanese government should allow the police to use entrapment in all kinds of investigation.
			THW punish pregnant mothers who smoke and drink.
			THW abolish the use of insanity as a legal defence.
		SF: International problem
			THBT China should allow the Yuan to float.
			THW prohibit speculative trading of foods.
			THW ban mercenaries.
		GF: Seek the truth
			THW require individuals who had cosmetic surgery to disclose it to anyone whom they wish to marry.
			THW force all citizens to take HIV testing.
			THBT outing of a public figure is a legitimate tactic to advocate their cause of gay rights movement.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 6(2010)
		R1
			THBT couples should not choose presents alone, but together.
		R2
			THW introduce a system of teacher-evaluation by students.
		R3
			THW force media to release the information source.
		R4
			THW prioritize Futenma bases to the Japan-US alliance.
		OF
			THW privatize water sector.
		QF
			THW abolish Novel-Peace Prize.
		SF
			THW advocate equal pay for equal work.
		GF
			THBT looking at partner’s cell phone without permission is justifiable.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 5 (2009)
		R1: Discrimination
			THW prohibit companies from providing services based on sex distinction.
			THW introduce a quota system for the young generation in the Diet.
			THW abolish Valentine’s Day.
		R2: Economy
			THW oblige companies to introduce work sharing system.
			THW force all amusement companies and restaurants to introduce discount services for couples.
			THW prohibit banks from holding stocks.
		R3: Governmental Intervention
			THW withdraw the driver’s license from the elderly.
			THBT government should not restrict its officials to express their political opinions to the public.
			THBT Valentine’s Day should be a national holiday.
		R4: Crime
			THW punish any performers who imitate others on TV without permission.
			THW require material evidence or witness to prove the guilt of sexual molesters.
			THW fine divorce.
		QF: Religious and Government
			THW allow citizens to choose their matrimony of their religions.
			THBT government should deprive parents of their parental authority when they refuse medical care for their children due to religious grounds.
			THBT government should regulate religious groups whose ideas can threaten the social safety.
		SF+Rookie SF: Environment
			THBT officials Development Assistance should be given only to the countries which are responsible for the environment.
			THW impose extra tax based on food mileage.
			THBT long-distance relationship is better than short-distance relationship.
		Rookie GF: Choice of Love
			THBT love is more important than friendship.
			THBT children interrupt parent’s romantic life.
			THBT appearance is more important than characteristic in choosing a partner.
		GF: Tell the Truth
			THW require all citizens to submit love-history record to their partners.
			THBT doctors should directly inform patients of their serious diseases.
			THBT Chinese government should not control the media.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 4 (2008)
		R1
			THW prioritize child safety over sex offender’s privacy.
		R2
			THW enforce young adults to engage in agriculture.
		R3
			THW introduce the registration system into the internet use to regulate anonymous writings.
		R4
			THW comprehensively ban a private army.
		QF
			THBT Japan should establish Sovereign Wealth Fund.
		SF
			THW reject globalization.
		GF
			THBT debating skill matters in getting a boyfriend or a girlfriend.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 3 (2007)
		R1
			THW enforce all parents to take child care leave.
		R2
			THBT Japan should shift from the USA to China.
		R3
			TH believes in love of the .first NIGHT.
		R4
			THBT citizen judge system will be good for Japan.
		QF
			THBT global warming should not hinder technological development.
		SF
			THBT Japan should keep abduction issue away from 6 party talk.
		GF
			THBT All We Need Is Love.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 2 (2006)
		R1
			THW exempt Not-for-pro.fit Organizations from taxations.
		R2
			THBT chocolate is crap.
		R3
			THW abolish the national health insurance.
		R4
			THW teach kids the ABC’s of dating.
		QF
			THW establish the international organization of intellectual properties.
		SF
			THBT religious jokes are not funny.
		GF
			THBT marriage is a myth.
	Debate no Susume Lesson 1 (2005)
		R1
			THBT it’s beneficial to prolong 6-party talks for Kim John Ill.
		R2
			THBT having the other sex as a partner is better than having the same sex partner in debate.
		R3
			THW restrict on-line game.
		R4
			THBT criminal information should be disclosed to society.
		QF
			THBT African conflicts should be handled by UN rather than African countries themselves.
		SF
			THW expand foreigners’ civil rights.
		GF
			THW promote gay priests in church.