Evergreen Cup
	2024
		R1
			THP a world where there is one dominant interpretation/ denomination of major religions, rather than separated sets of doctrines and beliefs
				OG $stats 2, 0, 4, 1
				OO $stats 2, 4, 1, 0
				CG $stats 2, 1, 0, 4
				CO $stats 1, 2, 2, 2
		R2
			THP a world in which people predominantly buy into animal welfare, rather than a world in which people predominantly buy into animal rights
				OG $stats 0, 1, 3, 3
				OO $stats 4, 2, 1, 0
				CG $stats 2, 3, 2, 0
				CO $stats 1, 1, 1, 4
				Animal welfare refers to a positionality that animal does not obtain a legal status/judicial personality to practice rights. Rather, it sees animal as a legally passive actor to receive protection by human given their natural obligation, whereas animal rights refers to a positionality that animal does obtain a judicial personality.
		R3
			THW dissolve chaebol corporations
				OG $stats 1, 0, 4, 2
				OO $stats 4, 1, 2, 0
				CG $stats 0, 3, 1, 3
				CO $stats 2, 3, 0, 2
				・A chaebol (재벌) is a large industrial South Korean conglomerate run and controlled by one family. In most cases, the position of CEO or executive officers is passed on to the descendants of the family.・Dissolution of large corporations often involve actions such as; disqualifying to administrate branch corporations, prohibiting further business in the field they are currently in, the government and following agencies confiscating stocks and distributing those to the corporations or institutions they selected.
		R4
			TH, as a Jewish advocating for environmental protection, W dismiss the legitimacy of The Genesis
				OG $stats 2, 0, 1, 4
				OO $stats 2, 3, 2, 0
				CG $stats 1, 3, 1, 2
				CO $stats 2, 1, 3, 1
				Genesis is the beginning book of the Old Testament and is a scripture describing how this world was created. Later in centuries, 1:26-28 started to be criticised for its implication of human dominion over the nature. it says;26 Then God said, "Let us make mankind in our image, in our likeness, so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky, over the livestock and all the wild animals, and over all the creatures that move along the ground."27 So God created mankind in his own image, in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them.28 God blessed them and said to them, "Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it. Rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky and over every living creature that moves on the ground." (NIV version)
		Pre SF
			TH, as the feminist movement, would oppose the "tradwife" trend
				OG $stats 2, 0
				OO $stats 1, 1
				CG $stats 1, 1
				CO $stats 0, 2
				Recently, there has been an increasing trend on social media of 'tradwife' influencers who embrace ultra-traditional gender roles and voluntarily devote themselves to household chores while their husband works. 'Tradwife' content include tradwives happily preparing elaborate meals by hand, having family time with smiling children, usually with long, flowing dresses. Hannah Neeleman is a leading figure of this trend with over 10 million followers. She has eight children and is married to the son of a big airline company..
		SF
			THR the use of autonomous weapons
				OG $stats 0, 2
				OO $stats 2, 0
				CG $stats 0, 2
				CO $stats 2, 0
				Autonomous weapon is any weapon that aims and applies force to targets without human intervention.
		GF
			THBT NASA should vanquish Martians rather than trying to co-exist with them
				OG $stats 1, 0
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				In future 20xx, NASA launched city development on Mars. The city looks like capital cities such as Tokyo or London, but people are yet to live there except for those who are engaged in city development. One day, however, they encounter Martians. They look alike human except their bodies is accustomed to live on Mars, and are found that they live in community but do not have technology as human have.
		Rookie GF
			THR the rise of dating app
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
	2021
		R1
			THW criminalize school bullying
		R2
			THO lethal autonomous weapon systems
		R3
			THBT developing countries should require their citizens to work for a certain period of time in their country of origin after graduating from university
		R4
			THBT developing countries should require their citizens to work for a certain period of time in their country of origin after graduating from university
		Open Pre-Semifinals
			THS the increasing prevalence of nihilism among young people
		Open Semifinals
			THBT NATO should actively accelerate the approval of Ukraine's membership to consolidate deterrence against Russia
		Open GF
			THP a world in which the industrial revolution has not happened
		Rookie Pre GF
			THO organized religion (e.g. Christianity, Islam, Judaism)
		Rookie GF
			THBT after achieving an adequate level of financial stability, individuals should focus heavily on the service of others
	2020
		R1
			Assuming feasibility, THW forcibly delete all soldiers’ memories of combat situations upon their discharge.
		R2
			TH, as a PrettyCure(プリキュア), W actively use their powers to instill democracy in dictatorial regimes.
				Pretty Cure(プリキュア) is a group of superheroes who, with the assistance of creatures known as fairies, use their magical powers(i.e. discharging a beam from their hands) and enhanced strength to fight against evil forces who bring misery to the Earth. They are also known as feminist icons. However, in these days Pretty Cure have been showing a variety of members, such as fairies, androids, and even boys. The essence of them lies in being dignified and brave in tackling difficulties, so they fight to protect everyone’s smile.
		R3
			THBT developing countries should severely restrict the foreigner’s right to purchase real estate
		GF
			THW immediately return all treasures and artifacts to indigenous groups that originally possessed them.