Motions for JUDC Online
	JUDC Online 2020
		R1
			THW teach children that parents do not necessarily act based on their love to their children.
			THW require all history textbooks used in compulsory education to be written and edited by historians who are from countries other than the country in which those textbooks are distributed (e.g. Argentinian historians can write history textbooks that are distributed in the US but not in Argentina etc.)
			THW introduce “interpersonal relationship studies” as a subject taught in compulsory education.
				“Interpersonal relationship studies” is an area of study that explores how various types of personal relationships between people (romantic, familial, friendship, etc.) work or fail, and offer basic methods to strengthen ties in such relationships.
		R2
			THW lower the burden of proof of domestic violence to a balance of probabilities in a court of law.
				Beyond reasonable doubt: Currently for someone to be found guilty of criminal misconduct, they have to be found guilty beyond reasonable doubt. Balance of probabilities: Finding someone guilty based on a ‘balance of probabilities’ means that it is merely more likely than not that the person is guilty i.e., counts as fulfilling the burden of proof if the probability that some event happened is proven to be more than fifty percent.
			THBT Hate Crime Laws do more harm than good.
				Context: Hate Crime Laws in the United States refer to laws intended to protect against hate crimes such as prescription of extra punishments for perpetrators who commit hate crimes (i.e. raise the degree of crime, extension of sentence according to judges’ decisions, etc). In order to prove that suspected cases are hate crimes, it is necessary to collect solidly established evidence that can surely back up the fact that the crime was driven by hate.
			Assuming that this technology exists, THW incapacitate juries from recognizing the racial/ethnic backgrounds of suspected criminals and victims.
		R3
			THW cut all public funding to university departments that have a low employment rate for its graduating students.
			TH, as a local government of an impoverished community, W financially incentivize students to attend local vocational schools over colleges and universities (local or otherwise).
			THBT all employers should allow their employees to work from home whenever physically/technically possible.
		R4
			TH, as the feminist movement, W actively oppose high-end cosmetic companies using feminism to promote their products.
			TH, as the sex workers’ rights movement, W campaign for people to support sex workers by becoming customers of sex work.
				Sex work is the provision of sexual services for money or goods. Sex workers are people who receive money or goods in exchange for sexual services, and who consciously define those activities as income generating even if they do not consider sex work as their occupation.
			THBT self-described progressive men of dominant ethnicities are morally obliged to refrain from taking positions of responsibility where there is a qualified alternative candidate from a historically disadvantaged group.
		SF (OPEN)
			THR cancel culture.
				Cancel culture refers to the popular practice of withdrawing support for public figures and companies after they have done or said something considered offensive. Cancel culture is generally discussed as being performed on social media in the form of group shaming.
			THBT historically oppressed minority groups should publicly condemn an adoption of minority culture by a member of the majority group, when a member of their minority group considers that cultural adoption as cultural appropriation.
				Cultural appropriation, also called cultural misappropriation, occurs when a person from one culture adopts the fashion, iconography, trends, or styles from another culture. Some of the most controversial and harmful examples of cultural appropriation happen when when the culture being appropriated is one of a historically oppressed group.
			THBT celebrities should not act as spokespeople for humanitarian issues.
		GF (OPEN)
			THBT Western liberal democracies should halt all funding to the WHO until China’s membership status is revoked.
			THR the spread of international free trade agreements on agricultural products.
			THBT the international community has a moral duty to protect human rights, if necessary by military means, and even when in violation of the principle of national sovereignty.
		GF (ROOKIE)
			TH opposes the provision of national emergency powers to countries which recently turned from a dictatorship into a democracy.
				National emergency powers is the authority which gives governments to suspend the constitution and take extraordinary steps with the aim of restoring social order. National emergencies include but are not limited to natural disasters, large-scale strikes, social unrest, violent upheavals, etc.
			THR that in modern political discourse, political ideologies are not considered legitimate if there are no successful examples of countries that were governed under those ideologies (e.g. communism not being taken seriously as a political ideology for not having successful examples of communist countries).
			THP a world without nationalism.