The Kansai
	The Kansai 2022 (3.19-20)
		Round 1
			THS the rise of short movies on social media (e.g. tik tok, reels on Instagram, YouTube short, compilation of entertainment contents, and other forms of short clips).
			THW immediately return all culturally significant artifacts to the groups that originally possessed those items.
			THO artworks which must involve fatal pain or death to animals (e.g. Damien Hirst).
		Round 2
			In times of public health crisis due to epidemic diseases, THW impose a tax on those who actively choose not to be vaccinated.
			THW introduce the Good Samaritan Law.
				Good Samaritan laws offer legal protection to bystanders who try to give reasonable assistance to others who are, or whom they believe to be, injured, ill, or in an emergency situation. As long as bystanders tried to aid with good intention, they will not be held liable for medical misconduct even including injury or death. This law applies regardless of whether the bystander is a medical professional or not.
			As you, THW leak the information that the prominent pro-life activist had aborted their fetus.
				You are a doctor working at an abortion clinic, with a long history of actively supporting the pro-choice movement. One day, you administered abortion to one patient, who you later realized is a prominent pro-life activist in your country.
		Round 3
			THR the social praise on former teenage delinquents doing social good (e.g. A Yankee starting to study hard, helping elderlies on the train, doing volunteers).
			THR the rise of activism within high-end fashion (including but not limited to advocating for social issues in clothing designs, promoting sustainability in fashion, etc.).
			THR the emphasis on measurable outcome (e.g. number of people, statistical results) incurred by policies in social discourse (e.g. allocation of state budgets, manifesto of political candidates, advocacy of social movements).
		Round 4
			THR the trend of cosmetic industries deemphasizing gender norms (e.g. kawaii, femininity, masculinity) in their design/marketing (e.g. using monotonous colours rather than pink/brighter colours for product packages).
			THBT the feminist movement should encourage females to seek non-traditional career paths (e.g. become a gig worker, start up their own business, casually change their jobs within a certain period of time).
			TH, as the transgender movement, W actively condemn the concept of Body Image.
				Body image refers to the perception of how individuals/society perceive body parts and its meaning. It may include traditional gender/sex features, such as breasts representing femininity, muscles representing masculinity.
		Open QF
			As the parliamentary debate community, THW mandate the Adjudication Core of parliamentary debate tournaments to not set motions related with the latest/hottest topics at that time.
				Adjudication Core is the member of a parliamentary debate tournament who administers issues regarding motions, judge allocations etc.
			THBT all parliamentary debate tournaments should be required to introduce at least 50% quota for non cis-male individuals in Adjudication Core.
				Adjudication Core is the member of a parliamentary debate tournament who administers issues regarding motions, judge allocations etc.
			In a parliamentary debate, THW replace human judges with computer algorithms which can independently simulate every process of adjudication (including but not limited to result, scoring, explaining reasons for decisions, giving feedbacks on speeches etc.).
		Open SF
			THR the westernisation of the elites in post-colonial countries (e.g. speaking predominantly in English, going to schools/universities in the West, consuming predominantly Western Media).
			THW nationalize the production, distribution, and sales of recreational drugs.
			THR the trend of large Japanese corporations in 1980~1990 transferring their own factories to foreign countries.
				Since the value of Yen went up against the Dollar in 1980s, many large Japanese corporations (such as Japanese large car makers) decided to transfer their factories to other countries.
		Open GF
			THR the glorification of self-disclosure.
				Self-disclosure is a process of communication by which one person reveals information about themselves to another. The information can include thoughts, feelings, aspirations, goals, failures, successes, fears, and dreams, as well as one's likes, dislikes, and favorites
			THO the stigmatization on conservatism.
			THR the rise of anti-natalism.
				Anti-natalism is the idea that opposes giving birth to children.
		Rookie Pre-SF
			THBT school education should actively instill the concept of the paradox of tolerance.
				"The paradox of tolerance" points out that if society pursues a complete tolerance by guaranteeing inclusivity, equal representation, diversity and so on, that society will be either destroyed by those who oppose tolerance or be forced to stop being tolerant to remove those intolerant ones.
			THO schools mostly shifting back to face-to-face classes under COVID-19.
			THBT schools should stop telling children they can succeed only if they try hard enough.
		Rookie SF
			THBT developing countries should prohibit individuals, whose close relatives have experienced political offices, from running for election.
			THP a multi-party system to a two-party system in politics.
				In a two-party system, only two political parties or alliances, typically placed on either side of the political spectrum (e.g. right wing, left wing), have a realistic chance of forming a majority. On the contrary, in a multi-party system, more than 2 political parties have relatively equal to similar chance/capacity to gain control of government offices, separately or in coalition.
			THW grant local communities the right to secede from the state.
		Rookie GF
			THW require all religious schools to include comparative religious studies (including Atheism) in their compulsory curriculum.
				Comparative religious studies basically involves introductory level of major religions and their scriptures. It mainly deals with central doctrines and interpretations, basic beliefs, and histories from ancient to contemporary days.
			THR the notion of a benevolent God.
			THP a world where religious beliefs and teachings are not codified into scriptures or doctrines.
	The Kansai 2021
		R1
			THBT the new agriculture law is in the interest of Indian farmers
				A new agriculture law in India was proposed last year that would allow Indian farmers to directly sell and negotiate prices for their products with private buyers like supermarket chains anywhere in India. Currently, Indian farmers can only sell their products in government-controlled markets called 'mandis'. The sales process in mandis is regulated through commission agents (CAs) who mediate between the farmers and traders. Although there is a minimum support price in mandis, the traders and CAs have built cartels where they control prices and speed of payments, with little transparency on the trade process. While this law would allow farmers to sell freely outside of mandis, the law sparked massive protests by farmers around India due to fears of further deregulation and exploitation by corporations.
			THS the rise of shareholder activism
				Shareholder activism is a way that shareholders can influence a corporation's management by exercising their rights as partial owners. The goals of shareholder activism heavily vary, and range from financial (increase of shareholder value through changes in corporate policy, financing structure, cost cutting, etc.) to non-financial (disinvestment from particular countries, adoption of environmentally friendly policies, etc.)
			THW ban targeted advertising based on the health data of users (e.g. medical record, log data of wearable devices, digital footprint related to medical conditions)
		R2
			THP a world where people vote behind the veil of ignorance
				The veil of ignorance is a hypothetical moral reasoning device proposed by an American philosopher John Rawls to discover the principles that should structure a society. Behind the "veil of ignorance", you are unable to know your personal identity/circumstances (ethnicity, socio-economic status, gender etc.) and your individual idea of how to lead a good life. Thus, when you make decisions behind the veil of ignorance, you decide without any knowledge of your current social position or characteristic, or what position you would end up having in that society.
			THP a world without wants for social approval
			THP a world with a technology that allows individuals to relive their memories with dead loved ones
		R3
			THR the formation of the Quad
				The Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (also known as the Quad) is an informal strategic forum between the United States, Japan, Australia and India that is maintained by semi-regular summits, information exchanges and military drills between member countries. The forum was initiated as a dialogue in 2007 by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan. The diplomatic and military arrangement was widely viewed as a response to increased Chinese economic and military power, and the Chinese government respond
			THW impose significant fines and sanctions on corporations that use the forced labor of Uighurs
			THBT the Biden administration should seek to sustain the strong ties with Taiwan from the Trump administration
		R4
			THR the popularity of mukbang in pop culture
				A mukbang [mʌk.paŋ], also known as an eating show, is an online audiovisual broadcast in which a host consumes large quantities of food such as noodles, junk foods, etc. It became popular in South Korea in 2010, and since then it has become a huge worldwide trend. Mukbang is usually prerecorded or streamed live on platforms such as AfreecaTV, YouTube, and Twitch. Such content creators (e.g. Yuka Kinoshita, MaxSuzuki, Shugi, Mbro are often said to have eating disorders.
			THW establish exclusive schools for students with ADHD/ASD
				ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) and ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorders) are neurodevelopmental disorder/conditions. Sometimes ADHD/ASD occur with intellectual disability/learning disability. However, it does not mean all people with ADHD/ASD have intellectual disability/learning disability.
			THW allow psychiatrists to prescribe medicines to minors without parental consent
		QF
			THW mandate all scientists to periodically conduct reproducibility research. (e.g. reproducing the result of existing research or experiments, meta-analysis of reproducibility of pre-existing experiments)
				Reproducibility is a major principle of the scientific method. It means, when different researchers follow the same methodology of a research (i.e. experiments or observational study) to reproduce the result, it should match the result of the original research. Currently, many research results in some fields are said to be unreproducible, especially in several branches of Biology, Psychology and Behavioral Economics etc.
			THBT the state should promote the use and adoption of embryo freezing technology
			THW impose a digital data tax on tech companies or data brokerage firms based on amount of user data they own
		SF
			TH, as Sudan, R the Sudan-Israel normalization deal
				In October 2020, Sudan agreed to normalize its diplomatic relations with Israel. In exchange, the Trump administration removed Sudan from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, unblocking international economic aid and investment. This deal has led to huge rejection from Islamists and opposition parties, where Sudan suffers from weak governance and a crippling economy
			THBT preemptive self-defense should not be considered as a legitimate ground for state military actions
				Preemptive self-defense refers to the use of armed coercion by a state to prevent another state (or non-state actor) from pursuing a particular course of action that is not yet directly threatening, but which, if permitted to continue, could result at some future point in an act of armed coercion against the first state
			THBT the US should end its targeted drone strikes policy
		Rookie GF
			TH regrets the prevalence of virtue signaling on social media
				Virtue signaling is when a person holds a prominent and disingenuous moral value with the sole intent of enhancing one's own image
			THBT social movements should reveal and openly denounce the negative track records of revered historical figures (e.g. Mahatma Gandhi, Mother Teresa, Winston Churchill etc.)
			TH, as a liberal parent living in a conservative society, would encourage their daughter to be single
		Grand Final
			TH prefers a common law system over a civil law system
				Legal systems around the world generally follow either a common law system or a civil law system. In a common law system (e.g. US, UK), judges take an active role in shaping the laws. Decisions by the court establish precedent for future cases. Judges interpret laws and apply to specific cases based on established precedents. In a civil law system (e.g. Japan, Germany) lawmakers and legal scholars hold stronger influence. Legislated laws clearly define cases that can be brought to court, the procedures for handling claims, and the punishment for an offense. Judges merely evaluate the facts of each case and make decisions using the conditions stated in the applicable law.
			Assuming the VR technology to simulate prison sentencing for any given years (which, in reality, lasts for only a few seconds) is completed, THW replace all real criminal sentencing with the use of the VR technology
			THBT prison inmates should be pardoned of their punishment if they are diagnosed of severe mental illnesses (e.g. Alzheimer's causing dementia) where they cannot remember conducting the crime
	The Kansai 2020
		R1
			THW not use public money on life-extending medical care for people over certain age in super aging society.
			In super aging society, THW impose additional tax on people without children.
			THW provide welfare in the form of basic goods and services rather than in the form of cash payment.
		R2
			THW remove tax exemption for religious organizations.
			THW prohibit religious rituals that involves individual believers causing potential harm to themselves in order to prove their piousness.
			THW ban all evangelist activities in refugee camps.
		R3
			THBT the increasing influence of feminist icons does more harm than good to feminist movement.
			IN conservative area, THBT feminist movement should actively oppose male privilege in religion (e.g. a mountain inaccessible to women, a higher position exclusively attainable for men).
			THBT girls should be taught the existence of rampant and widespread sexism and how to maneuver around it from a young age.
		R4
			THBT media should anonymize the identity of convicted criminals (including, but not liited to their age, face and race/nationality).
			THW ban animated child pornography.
			THW prohibit private ownership of art deemed to be culturally or historically significant.
	The Kansai 2019
		R1
			THW grant amnesty to dictators if they peacefully give up their power
			THW only imprison individuals who have committed violent crimes and pose a continuing threat to society
			THW abolish intoxication defense in criminal cases
				The intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of “”substance intoxication”” (included but not limited to alcohol). In many jurisdictions being drunk (or under influence of other substances) at the moment of committing a crime is recognized as a mitigating factor.
		R2
			TH regrets the dominant narrative in children’s education that good always wins
			THW not consume the works of art created by people who have engaged in gravely unethical behavior
			TH does not recognize patriotism as a virtue
		R3
			THBT the LGBT movement should abandon the words “gay marriage” and seek the legalization of civil unions or any other form of incomplete marriage equality instead
			THW require all sporting events to allow MtF transgender athletes to participate in female category without gender reassignment therapy
			TH, as LGBT community W actively promote the narrative that all people are essentially bisexual
		R4
			THW tax companies that actively replace human workers with artificial intelligence or robots at significantly higher rates than other companies
			THW limit the application of CRISPR-Cas9 to humans to therapeutic use, in exclusion to enhancement of their abilities
				CRISPR-Cas9 is a recently discovered genome editing technology. This made targeted gene silencing and rewriting far easier and cheaper. It therefore can potentially be used for curing genetic diseases or modifying babies in an expected way.
			Assuming a technology that can burn obedience to criminal law in human brains exists, THW never use it
		Pre-QF
			THW ban religious institutions from propagating practices of mortification which may cause significant physical harm upon believers as a form of salvation.
				Mortification is the voluntary offering up of discomfort or pain to God or some other deity; this includes but is not limited to lent, fasting, self-flagellation, and self-isolation. Mortification has a long history in many world religion.
			TH, as a feminist woman patriarchal society, would actively use sex for social promotions.
			THR the glorification of continued self-improvement (e.g. popular cultural works that glorify self-improvement, the act of constantly becoming a better person or constantly improving one’s skills and abilities)
		QF
			TH supports the US’s use of economic warfare (tariffs, targeted sanctions etc.) against China in order to force compliance with the rules of the global neoliberal economic order (opening up its economy, protecting intellectual property, not engaging in currency manipulation, etc.)
			THBT donators should fund local NGOs in developing countries instead of international ones operating in these countries.
			THW abolish Olympic Gomes.
		SF
			THW not allow workers to renounce their employment rights (e.g. holiday pay, defined working hours, sick pay, minimum wage) in return for work experience or financial benefit.
			THW abolish all non-compete arguments between employers and employees.
				Non-compete agreements usually state that the employee cannot enter into certain professions which would be considered to be in specified period of time and/ or within a specified geographic area. For example, a law firm based in New York may require that its employees cannot work as lawyers in New York for a period of 5 years if they decide to leave the firm.
			THBT sovereign debt must be insured with the assets of that country, including, among others, land, national resources and state enterprises, in case of non-compliance.
		GF
			THR the collective label of “the feminist movement”
			THP a world where human beings are satisfied at the point which they meet physiological needs and needs for safety, and don’t aspire for higher levels of needs.
				(1) It is said that human desires and needs are structured in a hierarchy (a,k,a, Maslow’s hierarchy of needs). From bottom to top, they are physiological needs, needs for safety , belonging/ love, esteem, and self actualization.
				(2) Physiological < Safety < Love/belonging < Esteem < Self-actualization
			THBT social media is ruining democracy.
		Rookie GF
			In Japan,THBT the pursuit of a stable two- political system through the creation of an opposition alliance is within the best interest of Japanese citizens.
			THW consider politicians to be under oath when making public statements on political issues.
				When you are “under oath”, You formally promise to tell the truth. If you lie, you get a criminal punishment for perjury(偽証).
			TH supports “No Platform” Policies in universities.
				“No Platform” refers to university policies that prevent certain groups of people/ certain ideologies from spreading their ideas within the university(e.g. homophobia, Holocaust denial, etc.). This may happen by protests, banning of student groups, or rescinding invitations to someone asked to speak at an event, such as a guest lecture at a policy used by the British National Union of Students to prevent far-right wing racists from giving speeches on UK college campuses.
	13th The Kansai (2018)
		R1
			Time has passed and technology has developed enabling the creation of medicines that completely cure all forms of mental illness (e.g. the full cure of Asperger syndrome). Assuming this technology exists, THW not allow parents to force their children to take these medicines.
			THW allow children to choose to be adopted into a new family without the consent of their current parents.
			TH as a parent who has lost their child would remake the child by clone technology.
		R2
			THBT all science related articles in all published works should be written solely by scientists.
			Assuming that it has been perfectly proved that all human beings can go to a post-mortal utopia after death, THW not allow the publication of this information and would instead withhold it.
			THBT technology companies with significant market shares should not be eligible for patent protection.
		R3
			Dark tourism is a tourism that involves travelling to places associated with death and suffering caused by human-made disasters/tragedy, such as Auschwits and the Aokigahara Suicide Forest.
			TH regrets the rise of “dark tourism”.
			THW criminalize Yakuza membership.
			TH supports the continued remilitaraization of Japan
		R4
			THR the use of female body as a site of feminist protest(e.g nude and topless protests, Slutwalk)
			TH regrets the dominant narrative of women as non-violent and vulnerable in conflicts and humanitarian crises.
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose the advertisement of beauty services(e.g. makeup, beauty salons)
		Pre QF
			TH oppose long-tarm(several months) unpaid intnernships
			THW bail out ailing foreign companies that have a lerge local employment base
			THBT environmentalists should reject offers of corporate funding for their research
		Rookie SF
			THBT the media should not report on the mental illness of criminals
			THBT schools should expel all students who actively engage in bullying
			THW exempt indigenous communities from environmental regulations
		QF
			THW abolish the limit on presidential terms for the United States presidency
			THBT digital profit checks(Facebook posts,tweets) should not be allowed in the college and job admission process
			THBT Democrats should accept a Mexico-United States border wall in exchange for the full legalization of DACA dreamers currently in the United States.
		SF
			TH celebrates the rise of social media corporations actively intervening in controversial/offensive posts
			TH supports the dominant narrative that “When you give up, that’s when the game is over”(諦めたらそこで試合終了ですよ)
			THBT contemporary art has done more harm than good to the field of art.
		Rookie GF
			THW ban the creation and usage of killer robots
			THW allow plea bargaining
			TH opposes public entertainment (such as but not limited to dance, comedy, and circuses) which people with disabilities utilize their disabilities.
		GF
			THW introduce “moral meat education” in to the compulsory education system
			TH celebrates the rise of non-politicians presidential office (e.g. Oprah, Donald Trump)
			THBT the United Nations should rebuke and rescind all support for Aung San Suu Kyi.
	12th The Kansai (2017)
		R1: お兄ちゃん、この前やったモーションがどうしてできないの？
			THW ban inheritance
			THW ban gated communities
			THW grant doctors the right to strike
		R2: お兄ちゃん、ツイッターで偉そうなことばっかり言ってない？
			THBT marginalized communities should oppose the “”Moe”” culture that aims to glorify it’s constituents
			THW grant children the right to take gender reassigment surgery without the consent of their parents
			THW out closeted public figures
		R3: お兄ちゃん、X年間何やってたの？
			THW abandon the political party system
			Suppose we live in the 23rd century. Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been developed to a level that they can feel emotions the way humans can. Assuming that an AI is emotionally and logically intelligent, THW allow It to run for public office.
			THBT developing countries should ban members of political dynasties from standing for elected office
		R4: リベラル思想はファッションじゃないからね、お兄ちゃん
			THR the dominance of liberalism in contemporary socio-political discourse
			THW grant ex-convicts the right to be forgotten
			THBT it is high time to abolish the separation of the Church and the State
		OF: 無理してレトリック使わなくていいからね、お兄ちゃん
			“THBT the feminist movement should oppose “”Papa Katsu”””
			“THBT the feminist movement should oppose “”anti-aging”””
			THBT the feminist movement should oppose the commercialization of feminism
		QF: ねえお兄ちゃん、英語ディベート部に入ってるってことは さぞ英語も上手いし、話も説得的だし、思考も論理的なんだよね？
			THW auction off the long-term right to govern bankrupt cities for profit
			THW nationalize credit rating agencies
			THW establish an international body that governs all distribution of oil
		Rookie SF: お兄ちゃん、everything is loveだよ
			Assuming the technology exists, THW allow individuals to see the end of their relationship before it begins
			Assuming feasibility, THW remove sexual desire
			Assuming feasibility, TH, as individuals, would abandon the concept of love
		Rookie GF: お兄ちゃん、ディベート以外の趣味ってあるの？
			Given the trolley problem, THW pull the lever
				The trolley problem is a thought experiment in ethics. The general form of the problem is this: There is a runaway trolley barreling down the railway tracks. Ahead, on the tracks, there are five people tied up and unable to move. The trolley is headed straight for them. You are standing some distance off in the train yard, next to a lever. If you pull this lever, the trolley will switch to a different set of tracks. However, you notice that there is one person on the side track. You have two options
				Do nothing, and the trolley kills the five people on the main track.
				Pull the lever, diverting the trolley onto the side track where it will kill one person.
				Which is the most ethical choice?
			THB in the right to die
			THW ban abortion at all stages of pregnancy
		SF
			THBT International Monetary Institutions(IMF, WB, ADB, etc)should not fund Natural Resource Extraction Projects in countries with severe corruption
			THS federalism in Syria
			THBT assassination of dictators can be justified
		GF: お兄ちゃん、来年もザカンに来てね
			THS antinatalism
				Antinatalism is a philosophical position that assigns a negative value to birth.
			TH prefers a world without religion
			TH regrets the dominant conception that “”humility is a virtue””
	12th The Kansai (2016)
		R1
			THW ban price gouging.
			THBT the head of central bank should be directly chosen by citizens.
			THBT government regulatory bodies should break up big banks which are deemed “too big to fail”.
		R2
			THBT medical NGOs should not help “public enemies”.
			THBT the ICC should not indict people for war crimes when the conflict is ongoing.
			THBT OPEC should reduce its oil production/export.
		R3
			THBT post-conflict societies should destroy all artwork created in support of a fallen dictator.
			THBT states should subsideize movies which depict their important background such as history/culture/war.
			TH regrets black prize winners or members from boycotting the Academy Awards.
		R4
			THW ban court-martial.
			THW limit the number of winning election.
			THBT historically oppressed indigenous minorities should embrace and promote inaccurate but positive myths or beliefs about their culture.
		Rookie SF
			THW ban religious organizations from establishing schools
			THBT the Pope should be prosecuted for the crimes of Roman Catholic priests.
			THW ban religious charities from engaging in proselytization.
		Pre-QF
			TH supports women to use sexuality to get aids in times of natural disaster.
			THBT the feminist movement should condemn celebrities who choose to continue to pursue a personal relationship with abusive partners.
			TH, as the gay community, regrets the existence of Grindr.
				Grindr is the dating web site which is exclusively for the gay and bisexual people.
		Rookie GF
			TH regrets the concept of border.
			THBT liberal democracies should prevent dictatorships from researching on space technologies, including but not limited to launching rockets.
			THBT states should be allowed to use assassination.
		QF
			THBT Google, YouTube and Social Media websites should remove contents which it deems to insult religions.
			TH regrets the ubiquity of images of human suffering on social media.
			THW exempt journalists from civil and criminal penalties for defamation.
		SF
			THW abolish income tax.
			THBT states should be allowed to sell the portion of their territory to the MNCs.
			THW ban non-state actors from hiring private military contractors.
		GF
			TH opposes the dominant narrative “hard work always pays off”.
			TH supports moral radicalism.
				Moral radicalism refers to extreme do-gooders. These people are often driven by moral rage and a need to be of pure service to the world. E.g. one couple have 2 biological children and adopt 20 more kids who need a home.
			In post-conflict societies, THBT historical narratives sould be owned by the government.
	11th The Kansai(2015)
		R1
			THW prohibit corporations from accessing criminal record of job applicants.
			THW ban factory farming.
				A factory farm is a large, industrial operation that raises large numbers of animals for food. Over 99% of farm animals in the U.S. are raised in factory farms, which focus on profit and efficiency at the expense of animals’ welfare.
			THW prohibit corporations from sponsoring academic research.
		R2
			THBT the state should be obliged to help its citizens have romantic partners(恋人) (e.g. education, counseling, etc)
			THW not convict battered wives who kill their husbands.
			THBT sex education in schools should prioritize good sex over safe sex.
		R3
			THBT developing countries should prioritize the education for the mass over the education for creating elites.
			THBT the European Union should only direct aid to nations that pursue environmentally sustainable development.
			THBT advanced countries should ban imports of consumer goods made by child labor.
		R4
			THBT national sporting teams should reflect the diversity of the national population.
			THW allow minorities to design and teach their own history curriculum in schools.
			TH opposes demonstrations for minority rights in countries or areas where there is a risk of violent backlash against those involved.
		Main Pre-QF, Rookie SF
			THBT the state should illegalize medicines innovated through researches which are prohibited by domestic law.
			THW not fund artificial reproductive technologies.
			THW allow doctors to actively lie to their patients in order to create or augment a placebo effect.
				Placebo is a simulated or otherwise medically ineffectual treatment for a disease or other medical condition intended to receive the recipient. Sometimes patients given a placebo treatment will have a perceived or actual improvement in a medical condition, a phenomenon commonly called the placebo effect or placebo response. (Wikipedia)
		Main QF
			THBT feminist movement should celebrate slut pride.
			THBT feminist movement should condemn popular novels which glorify female submission (e.g., sado-masochism portrayed in Fifty Shades of Gray)
			THBT feminist movement should oppose the policy of male-dominant companies (e.g., Facebook, Apple) paying female workers for freezing their eggs (cryopreservation) and not for methods which support working mothers
		Rookie GF
			THW prosecute communities for complicity in honor killing.
			THBT priests should report the confession of serious crimes to the police.
			THBT criminal defendants should only be defended by a public attorney.
		Main SF
			TH, as African countries, regrets the existence of natural resource in their territory.
			THW require the ICC to allow a defense of “cultural relativism” to the crime of recruiting and using child soldiers.
			THBT the Western intelligence agencies (such as CIA) should rig the elections of post conflict countries to ensure that moderates win.
		Main GF: “Perfect” Motions For Grand Final
			Assuming that it’s possible, THW incapacitate human beings from making a lie
			TH regrets the policy which benefits the current generation, but sacrifices greater benefit of the future generation (e.g., economic policy harming environment)
			THW ban abortion at all stage of pregnancy
	10th The Kansai (2014)
		R1: Kansai Loves Money
			THW abolish income tax.
			THW bail out failing foreign companies if they have a lot of employment in local area.
			THW introduce sin tax on free-to-play online games.
		R2: Family
			THW deprive custody right from parents after their children spend a certain period of time at child care institution.
			THBT child custody should be decided by children in divorcing if both parents are capable of caring.
			THBT DNA paternity testing at birth should be mandatory.
		R3: Science & Technology
			THBT those scientists who are found guilty of scientific misconduct (such as falsification or plagiarism) should give up on their academic careers.
			THBT oil companies should not have patents on recyclable energies.
			THBT technology which enhance human longevity should not develop anymore.
		R4: 海外で起きてるんだよ！
			THBT Republic of Korea should not limit right to believe in / support access to North Korean Communism.
			THW seek to introduce universal common historical facts in history education.
			THBT it is legitimate for states to use aid as a way to get votes in international organizations.
		Main Pre-QF: the burden of obligation
			THBT Medical NGOs should not help “Public enemies” (ex. terrorists, pirates, war criminal groups).
			THBT civilian agencies (such as humanitarian NGO and Doctors without borders) should not ally with military.
			THBT journalist should not write, use, spread “unconfirmed” rumors on their SNS.
		Main QF: Politics
			THW always guarantee certain number of seats to the opposition party of the parliament.
			THW deprive politicians, who recorded extremely low pledge implementation rate, of their right to run for election.
			THBT politicians should not resign due to their personal problems, such as verbal gaffes, inappropriate relationship and so on.
		Rookie SF: 2014.2.8, Russia
			THBT IOC should only focus on direct inspection rather than appealing campaigns of candidate countries in the process of decidinf the host of the Olympic games.
			THW force all media companies to provide same amount of air time on both the Paralympic games and the Olympic games.
			THW abolish subjective standards (ex. Artistry, Beauty) from the Olympic games.
		Rookie GF: Gender
			THW abolish marital tax deduction.
			THW ban advertisements which utilize traditional gender roles.
			THBT female movements should oppose beauty contests.
	9th The Kansai (2013)
		R1: 893
			THW criminalize gang membership
			THW ban film and music which glamorizes gang culture
			THBT Japanese Government should tolerate certain criminal activities of Japanese “Yakuza” in exchange for fighting against foreign criminal organizations, such as the Chinese Triads
		R2: Past, future, and afterlife
			THBT state should forcefully expropriate historically important cultural relics and arts owned by private individual.
			THBT the world should aim to create a single unified cosmopolitan language, and abolish all other languages
			THW cap the amount of money family can spend on funerals
		R3: Law and Order
			THW introduce racial profiling by the police
			In countries where euthanasia is legal, This house would allow prisoners, sentenced to life im prisonment, who is diagnosed with terminal illness to euthanize themselves.
			In countries facing severe economical crisis, This house would impose a punishment by fine to non-violent criminals who would otherwise be sentenced to prison.
		R4: Distributive Justice
			THBT the International Court of Justice should divide and allocate disputed natural resources according to that countries level of fulfillment of international environmental agenda(such as the Kyoto Protocol)
			THBT the Japanese government should forcefully allocate radioactive debris of Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster to each and every loal community, even if citizen refuses.
			THBT the Japanese government should forcefully expropriate farming land from small-scale farmer , and reallocate it to large-scale farmer.
		Rookie QF: Theme:The Wealth of Nations
			THW privatize the water industry
			THW recognize child labor as necessary evil for the development of third world nations.
			THW appoint the head of central bank by a national election
		Main QF: Sovereignty (笑)
			THBT the Italian Government should impose economical sanction against the Vatican State until it implements drastic reforms to clean up corruption within the Vatican Bank
				There are severe allegation against the Vatican bank for being complicit in money-laundering operations linked to the Italian Mafia
			THW recognize severely harming neighboring countries due to projects which massively damages the environment(such as the construction of dam by the Chinese government, in upper Mekong Basin), as equivalent to an act of war, and approve the use of military force to remove such cause of environmental degradation.
			THBT multinational corporation which operates in developing countries should abide by the environmental/labor standard of its country of origin.
		Main SF: Eugenics
			THW ban the abortion of fetuses on the grounds of their permanent disability
			THW provide additional state support to people with severe genetic disorder, who choses to sterilize and not have any child
			THW allow dwarf couples to use medical technology to ensure that they have dwarf offspring
		Main GF: GOD
			TH opposes the rise of “Mega-churches” in the United States.
			THBT the Japanese government should forcefully deprogram all former members of Aum-Shinrikyou, including members of “Aleph” and “The Circle of Rainbow Light”.
			You have discovered the first-ever scientific evidence which irrefutably disproves the exitence of a God. THBT you should destroy it.
	8th the Kansai (2012)
		R1
			THW give more votes to parents based on their children under legal age.
		R2
			THW abolish statute of limitation in all criminal cases.
		R3
			THW forcibly feed an anorexics
		R4
			THBT local government should prioritize domestic products or services
		QF
			THW abolish tenno system.
		SF
			THW universally ban private army contracts.
		GF
			THBT consential canibalism can be justified.
	6th the Kansai (2009)
		R1
			THW withdraw English education from elementary school.
		R2
			THW protect the rights of the minority.
		R3
			THBT Switzerland should welcome more foreign laborers from EU area.
		R4
			THW ban the usage of cloning technology for pets.
		QF + Rookie SF
			THBT Japanese Government should not send the Self-Defence Forces abroad.
		SF
			THW introduce a national referendum for recalling Prime Minister.
		Rookie GF
			THW ban abortion at all stages of pregnancy.
		GF
			THW legalize euthanasia in Italy.
	5th the Kansai (2008)
		R1
			THBT a company had better terminate the businesses if local people are forced to work under poor conditions.
		R2
			THW set a gap year between leaving school and starting university.
		R3
			THW correct gender disparity in rearing children.
		R4
			THW hate the use of private cars.
		QF
			THW introduce a tax system with a constant rate into income tax.
		SF
			THW introduce conscription.
		GF
			THW support the income of all commercial farm households.
	4th the Kansai (2007)
		R1
			THW end ODA for China.
		R2
			THBT bullied children can choose death in some case.
		R3
			THBT Ethiopia should have not intervened in Somalia militarily.
		R4
			THW enforce payment.
		QF
			THW impose harsher punishment on celebrity.
		SF
			THW drive out companies when they violate quality of product.
		GF
			THW legalize abortion in Portugal.
	3rd the Kansai (2006)
		R1
			THW let children choose their own teachers.
		R2
			THBT the French government should withdraw the First Job Contract(CPE).
		R3
			THW raise taxes on the rich.
		R4
			THW allow Iran to develop nuclear power.
		QF
			THW render local referenda legally binding.
		SF
			THBT children born of AID have the right to know their genetic parents.
		GF
			THW legalize prostitution.
	2nd the Kansai (2005)
		R1
			THW found public schools for soccer.
		R2
			THW establish a public election system for the prime ministership.
		R3
			THW allow gay marriage.
		R4
			THW oblige the people in Japan to pay the fee for NHK.
	1st the Kansai (2004)
		R1
			TH prefers the price of products including consumption tax.
		R2
			THW ban pornography.
		R3
			THW accept illegal immigrants.
		SF
			THBT the restriction of foreign trade should be based on scientific reasons.
		GF
			THW prohibit non-nuclear powers from possessing any material and technology related with nuclear weapons.