Kanto Debate Open
	Kanto Debate Open 2022 (3.5-6)
		Round 1
			THW ban child Muay Thai competitions.
				Muay Thai is considered the national sport of Thailand and is culturally significant. It is a widely competed sport in Thailand across all age groups. In rural parts of Thailand, child muay thai competitions are commonplace, and the prize money is significant enough for some child athletes to be the sole breadwinner of the family.
			TH, as a parent, would raise their child to have a pessimistic outlook on life.
			THW allow people raised in isolated communities (e.g. Amish, Hasidic Jews) to sue their communities for losses caused by their lifestyle.
		Round 2
			THBT the state should fund the creation of, and access to, realistic androids that simulate romantic relationships.
			THW force automated car manufacturing companies to design an algorithm that generally prioritises the safety of pedestrians over the safety of the passenger in case of an accident.
			THP a world where all contracts are forcibly executed by magical power.
		Round 3
			THW ban non compete clause.
				Non compete clause is a clause under which one party (usually an employee) agrees to the other party(usually the employer) not to 
				①enter into or start a similar profession of another party (usually the employer) 
				②operate business in competition against another party (usually the employer) 
				③headhunt ex-colleagues or an entire team for a certain period of time.
			THR the increasing popularity of buy-now-pay-later services (e.g. Afterpay, Affirm, Klarna, Paidy etc.).
				Buy now pay later(BNPL) arrangements are point-of-sale installment loans that allow consumers to make purchases and pay for them at a future date. BNPL often doesn't charge interest and is often easier to get approved for than traditional credit cards or lines of credit are. Normally, BNPL doesn't affect your credit score; however, late payments or failing to pay can damage your credit score.
			THP a world with the dominance of the narrative that  "shareholders are the owner of the company"
		Round 4
			THBT "have it all" feminism has done more harm than good.
				“Have it all” feminism argues that it is possible and desirable for women to pursue and balance having both a successful career and having a family.
			THO the narrative that love (romantic, familial, etc.) is about sacrifice.
			・THBT marriage is incompatible with feminism.
		Open QF
			THBT universities should abolish academic tenure.
				Academic tenure is a type of academic appointment in universities where an academic's employment cannot be terminated except in exceptional circumstances (e.g. a crime, a serious breach of duties, the university being unable to pay them). It is usually granted to senior academics.
			THBT Japanese government should significantly increase the salary of bureaucrats.
			THBT Japanese government should actively encourage the utilization of foreign IT professionals (including but not limited to inviting "software engineers, data scientists, web developers, etc., " as immigrants, or by encouraging offshore development) rather than training its citizens.
		Open SF
			TH, as West, would offer to cease all sanctions against Russia in exchange for an immediate ceasefire with Ukraine.
			TH, as a Jewish individual living outside of Israel, W oppose the use of "antisemitism" labeling against pro-Palestinian independence ideologies.
			THS the creation of an ASEAN monetary union.
		Open GF
			THBT all decisions made through functional democracy are legitimate.
			In a multiethnic country, THW only allow candidates from different ethnicity from the last president to run for the presidential election.
			THBT the arrival of technological singularity will bring more harm than good.
				In technology, the singularity describes a hypothetical future where technology growth is out of control and irreversible. These intelligent and powerful technologies will radically and unpredictably transform our reality. Most notably, the singularity would involve computer programs becoming so advanced that artificial intelligence (AI) transcends human intelligence, potentially erasing the boundary between humanity and computers. This may lead to the creation of AI that can develop a superior AI that humans cannot understand how its algorism is functioning.
		Rookie SF
			TH opposes peace education that uses shocking graphic images of war victims.
			THP a world where unconditional euthanasia is widely accessible.
			THW introduce 50% quota for politicians from STEM background at the parliament.
		Rookie GF
			THP "underworld".
				For the purpose of this debate, in the world of "underworld" people are assigned with the profession that perfectly matches the innate talent that people possess at the point of birth and each job is allocated to an individual to maximize the efficiency of the entire society.
			THBT parliamentary debate will be better off with full-anonymity in the debate room (e.g. debate online, not allow debaters to turn on the camera, use voice changer apps, etc.).
			THO consumeristic life style.
				Consumeristic lifestyle: A lifestyle that seeks to achieve happiness of oneself by giving huge attention to buying and owning goods / experiencing services etc.
