KIDA Open
	2021
		Round 1
			THS universities refusing donations from individuals, organizations and corporations that they deem immoral.
		Round 2
			THP powerful civil service positions (e.g. heads of bureaucratic departments and agencies) to be elected as opposed to appointed.
		Round 3
			THW provide financial incentives (e.g. subsidies/tax breaks) to gaming companies that hire a significant amount of women.
		Round 4
			THBT that governments of multi-religious societies should prohibit religious expressions in political discussion.
		Round 5
			THBT the Biden administration's decision to withdraw from Afghanistan is not in the interests of the United States.
		Pre-Semifinals
			In times of economic recession, THP conditional cash transfers as opposed to unconditional cash transfers
				info slide: For the purposes of this debate: A Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) is a kind of cash transfer by the government that imposes tasks (e.g. sending children to school, searching for a job) that a recipient must act on before receiving the cash transfer. Unconditional Cash Transfers, on the other hand, do not require the target recipient to take any action to receive the cash transfer beyond possibly applying for the transfer. Other criterion/criteria determined by the government that qualifies one for the cash transfer (e.g. economic status, minority status, disabilities, etc.) can still exist for both types of cash transfers.
		Semifinals
			THBT dating shows have done more harm than good
		Grand Final
			THR progressivism's focus on sociocultural issues(e.g. microaggressions, cancel culture, media representation, etc.) rather than policy issues(e.g. economic redistribution, policies related to criminal justice system, etc.) in western liberal democracies.
	2020
		R1: Welcome to Korea
			TH regrets the westernization of Hallyu
				Hallyu refers to the increase in global popularity of South Korean culture, such as K-drama and K-pop.
				Westernization refers to the usage of traditional Western entertainment entertainments, such as English dialogue, references to Western locations, collaborating with Western artists.
		R2: Biden | Trump
			TH, as the Republican Party, would adopt a political strategy of distancing the party away from Trump.
		R3: Cardi B
			THBT explicit expressions of female sexuality in the entertainment industry has done more harm than good to the feminist movement. (i.e. Cardi B’s WAP)
		R4: Money Money Money
			THP the cancellation of sovereign debt over Debt Service Suspension Initiative for the world's poorest countries.
				Sovereign debt refers to "official sector" or government-to-government debt payments.
				The G20 group of rich nations and big emerging powers extended their Debt Service Suspension Initiative (DSSI) to help the world’s poorest countries cope with the fallout of the COVID-19 crisis until at least June 30, 2021, with a repayment period of five years and a one-year grace period. Countries that avail of this have to commit to use freed-up resources to increase social, health, or economic spending in response to the current crisis. Beneficiaries also commit to disclose all public sector debt and debt-like instruments.73 countries qualify, although only 46 have signed up so far.
		R5: To Party or Not to Party
			TH regrets that Leftist movements/organisations in South East Asia transitioned to political parties.
				Examples include but are not limited to Parti Sosialis Malaysia, Makabayan bloc in the Philippines, PARSI from Indonesia.
		Novice SF: Under the Sea
			THBT ASEAN is failing in the South China Sea.
		QF
			THBT all claimants of the South China Sea should train and deploy their own maritime militia
				Maritime Militias are civilians, often made up of fishermen that undergo limited military training and are sometimes equipped with weapons. They are inexpensive and irregular force multipliers that supplement the Navy in maritime law enforcement, protection and humanitarian efforts such as search and rescue operations. China utilizes maritime militias as part of their Gray zone Conflict Warfare tactics in the South China Sea. It is estimated that China has up to 20,000 vessels for its militia. Vietnam created its own Maritime Militia in 2009. Today, Vietnam has enlisted approximately 8,000 fishing boats, and 1.22 per cent of its fishermen, or about 46,000, as militia. Last October, the Philippine proposed to create their own Maritime Militia as well.
		Novice GF: Philosophy
			THR the narrative that resillience is a virtue.
		SF
			THBT the Global Middle Class should adopt a nihilist outlook on life.
				Nihilism refers to a philosophy of life whereby there is no inherent value or meaning in life. This also extends to all aspects of life as well. (Relationships, work, etc.)
		GF: Goodbye, Korea
			TH, as a swing voter who supported ousting Park Geun-hye (박근혜), regrets voting for Moon Jae-in (문재인)
				In 2016, South Korean Supreme Court ruled on the impeachment of the President Park Geun-hye, due to series of corruptions, with the majority of Korean citizens' support. The current president Moon Jae-in was elected as a result of many swing voters supporting him over other existing candidates (i.e Ahn Cheol-soo, Hong Joon-pyo, Yoo Seung-min) in the following election. However, there has been a recent yet significant increase of swing voters who expressed disappointments in Moon administration, due to the ensuing disclosure of corruptions (i.e Cho Kuk incident) and the recent conflicts between the minister of justice and the prosecutor general.
