Nagoya Debate Open
	Nagoya Debate Open 2024
		R1
			THW abolish the statute of limitations
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 14
				Veto $stats 3, 7, 28
			THBT being a victim of child abuse should not be a mitigatory factor in trials
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 14
				Veto $stats 5, 2, 28
			THBT the U.S should abolish plea bargaining
				Balance $stats 2, 4, 14
				Veto $stats 6, 5, 28
		R2
			THBT social movement should actively denounce positive stereotypes associated to identity (e.g. Women are empathetic, black people are resilient and athletic etc.)
				Balance $stats 5, 1, 14
				Veto $stats 2, 4, 28
			THW allow corporations to refuse to provide services to LGBTQ customers on the basis of religion
				Balance $stats 2, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 8, 4, 28
			THBT prominent institutions in marginalized communities (churches, schools, community centres, etc.) should practice the politics of respectability
				Balance $stats 2, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 6, 28
				Info: Respectability politics or the politics or respectability refers to attempts by marginalized groups to police their own members and show their social values as being continuous and compatible with mainstream values rather challenging the mainstream for what they see as its failure to accept difference
		R3
			THW live in universe Beta
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 14
				Veto $stats 2, 9, 28
				In universe Beta your "stats" (i.e: Strength, Agility, Vitality, Vigor, Intelligence, Endurance and Dexterity) are visible in a numerical value much like in a game. Your stats can be set to private (only be viewed by yourself) or public (can be viewed by others in close proximity). Furthermore, stats will increase or decrease depending on what you do with your life. 
				
			THW take the black pill
				Balance $stats 4, 1, 14
				Veto $stats 8, 3, 28
				What would you do if the life you lived up until now was a lie? One day, a leader of the human resistance contacts you and tells you of this falsehood. You have three choices. Take the blue pill and go back to the false world. Take the red pill and wake up into the real world of AI vs human resistance. Take the black pill and die a painless death.  
			THW press the button
				Balance $stats 1, 7, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 2, 28
				Imagine there is a button in front of you. Pressing the button would immediately cripple all weapon systems around the world at the cost of technological reversion to that of before the industrial revolution. All forms of technology will immediately cease to function and there is no way for humanity to regain them in the foreseeable future. 
		R4
			THBT schools should actively educate students that not helping victims of bullying is a form of complicity
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 14
				Veto $stats 3, 7, 28
			THW introduce communal child rearing
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 4, 4, 28
				Communal child rearing is the system of raising children as a whole society. In this system, biological parents lose parental right to their children, and the communities give necessities of lives, education and money for independence etc. to all children equally. Also, parents and children live apart, and don’t keep special connection to each other.
			THBT schools should teach children that one should be always calm and suppress their emotion when advocating their opinions in discussion
				Balance $stats 2, 2, 14
				Veto $stats 7, 3, 28
		Pre QF
			THP a world where countries can freely interpret historical events without interference from external factors
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
			TH, as you, W choose to be erased
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 8
				For the sake of this debate, there exists technology that can erase a person from the memories of everyone he or she has interacted with. All physical and digital footprints that the person has will be wiped. You are a middle class worker with an average income with a couple friends and family. You have just been diagnosed with a terminal illness with no hope of a cure in the forseeable future. 
			THW make descendants of past wrong doers legally obliged to acts of reparation to the descendants of victims
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 8
		QF
			THP a world where Trump had won the 2020 election
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
			THW prioritize increasing the county's self-sufficency rate over nurturing bilateral and multilateral ties. "
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
			THBT Ukraine should not have relinquished its nuclear arms
				Balance $stats 1, 3, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				The "Budapest Memorandum concluded arduous negotiations that resulted in Ukraine’s agreement to relinquish the world’s third-largest nuclear arsenal, which the country inherited from the collapsed Soviet Union, and transfer all nuclear warheads to Russia for dismantlement. The signatories of the memorandum pledged to respect Ukraine’s territorial integrity and inviolability of its borders, and to refrain from the use or threat of military force." 
		SF
			THBT Shorei-kai should remove age limit
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				Shorei-kai is the professional training organization of the Japan Shogi Federation.
				A player who has achieved the 3-dan rank in the Shorei Association and has achieved the required results is promoted to the 4-dan rank (= professional rank).
				If a player is not promoted to 4-dan by the age of 26, he or she is forced to withdraw from the Shorei-kai. It almost eliminates his or her chance of becoming a professional Shogi player.
			THW hold football clubs criminally liable for the actions of their fans
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 4
			THW impose salary caps on professional sports teams
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
		GF
			Assuming all jobs can be automated, THW abolish all jobs and grant a basic living for everyone
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THW prohibit employers from demanding access to social media accounts of prospective or current employees
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THW allow employees to choose not to receive any basic provision in their labor contracts in exchange for a proportional increase in wage
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
		Rookie GF
			THW keep this a secret and continue the existence of the organ farm
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Due to the surplus of demand for organ transplants, technological advancement has focused on cloning perfectly healthy human beings. Success has resulted in the creation of the organ farm: a facility that keeps all clones in stasis (seemingly unaware of their surroundings). Organs from the farm have made organ donations obsolete and millions of lives have been saved. You are the head of the organ farm. One day, you open an encrypted file that shows damning evidence that the clones are as self-aware as human beings. 
			THW use the empathy link as a form of rehabilitation and punishment in the CJS
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				For the purpose of this debate: an empathy link is a newly created technology that can make people live through another person’s experiences from a first-person perspective. There is just one catch, this is not a one way experience. The link can only function by allowing two individuals to share their experiences with each other. 
			TH, as you, W make the trip
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				The last remnants of humanity are hurtling across the vast expanses of space in search of a new home. The mothership’s scanners have located two potential planets within traveling distance. However, there is a problem. The mothership only has enough fuel to travel to one of the planets. The mothership has one-man spacecrafts that can fly to these planets to see if they are inhabitable but only two capable pilots. You are one of these pilots. Taking the trip would mean leaving your family, friends and all that you know on a one way journey. 
	Nagoya Debate Open 2023
		R1
			THO the glorification of success of YouTubers
			THW prohibit companies from making no-love contract with idols
			THW prohibit social tipping systems on internet platforms
		R2
			THO the creation and use of Lethal Autonomous Robots
				"Lethal Autonomous Robots" are fully autonomous military weapons that can select and engage targets without human intervention
			THW establish a board of senior military offices with the right to veto military decisions made by politicians (e.g. deployment of troops)
			THW ban military recruitment targeting the poor (e.g. advertising at schools in poverty area/special scholarship etc…)
		R3
			Assuming feasibility, THW allow people to voluntarily erase their memories
				K-Cup 2022 GF
			Assuming technology, as a debating community, THW make debaters completely anonymous in round rooms (e.g. hide name, gender and appearance, and use voice changer)
				NDO 2018 SF
			We are imaging a technology that can measure people’s attributes. Also, the technology can take A’s attributes and transplant them into B. Assuming the technology, THW allow individuals to sell and buy all their attributes. (e.g. intelligence, looks, physical ability, etc.)
				K-Cup 2016 R2
		R4
			THO athletes express political opinions at the sports game/tournament
			THP league system to tournament system in students sports competition
				In the league system, participants (teams) play each other repeatedly, and their ranking will be determined by the combined results of their matches. Except in special cases, the number of matches among participants is same. The definition generally limits matches to round-robin matches.
				In the tournament system, the winner is determined by repeating the match between the winners. once the participants(teams) lose, they will drop out of the competition.
			THR excessive cancellation culture toward athletes
		QF + Rookie SF
			THBT Japanese government should introduce affirmative action of education (e.g. university quota / scholarship etc...) for the people from regions which have low academic performance
			THW require all the religious schools to teach atheism in their compulsory curriculum
			THBT parents and educators should actively encourage children to invest in their physical appearance and attractiveness
		SF + Rookie GF
			THW abolish the statue of limitation
			THW hold heads of corporations criminally laible for significant environmental damages caused by their corporations
			THW prohibit criminals from profiting from the publicity of their crimes
		GF
			THBT "YOU" should quit debate
				You acheived reasonably good results as a debater at university. Now you have graduated from university and are working for a consulting firm. You are not a good footballer, and of course you can't play the guitar, but you are good at debating and you love debating.
			THS "Sabori" in social life
				"Sabori" is a slang term used mainly in schools and workplaces to refer to the act of taking off or neglecting one's duties or responsibilities, such as work or study. People with this characteristic do not take their assigned tasks or work seriously and instead waste their time doing other things, taking breaks or breaking.
			THBT "the Human King" should not give the privileges to the hero
				This is a classic RPG world (e.g. Dragon Quest III)!! There is a terrible Demon King in this world. Unless the Demon King is defeated, human society will be destroyed. Only legendary hero and his associates can defeat the Demon King. Their journey will be long and terribly tough. Therefore, the Human king is considering granting privileges to them. For example, they can break into inhabitants' houses, search their wardrobes and obtain money.
	Nagoya Debate Open (2021)
		R1
			THW hold corporate owners/executives legally liable for the occupational accidents in workplaces.
			THW repeal Section 230.
				Section 230 is a piece of Internet legislation in the United States that provides immunity for website platforms from third-party content. It protects websites from lawsuits if a user posts something illegal, although there are exceptions for copyright violations, sex work-related material, and violations of federal criminal law.
			THW allow the cultural defense in all criminal proceedings.
				A "cultural defense" is a defense in criminal trials. It involves the defendant claiming that their actions were motivated by their cultural background and beliefs.
		R2
			TH, as FIFA, W boycott the FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022.
				Qatar has faced criticism for its treatment of migrant workers, many of whom are involved in the construction of stadiums and infrastructure for the 2022 World Cup.
			THR the IOC’s decision to ban “Black Lives Matter” apparel at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics.
				The IOC recently placed a ban on any "direct" endorsement of the Black Lives Matter movement, such as BLM t-shirts and sportswear.
			THR fining Naomi Osaka for skipping out on the press conference.
				The French Open recently fined Naomi Osaka for skipping out on post match press conference, which lead to her pulling out of the ongoing event. Osaka cited mental health issues, which lead to the French Open first issuing her a warning and then second a hefty fine. Press conference days and viewerships are two major means of income for large sporting events, as media outlets would have to pay a hefty sum to be able to interview athletes. This money is then funneled into the event to pay the appearance fee for all athletes, the prize money and etc.
		R3
			THBT the South Korean government should exempt male K-pop artists with notable achievements from military conscription.
			THR the decision of The Billboards to stop counting bundled music for their charts.
				Bundled music is music (in the form of album sales and streams on Spotify Youtube) that is often added on with or under the price of an added merchandise, such as selling an album with a ticket to a concert or a t-shirt. In July of 2020, Billboard decided to eliminate the practice of counting albums bundled with merchandise and concert tickets on its album and song charts altogether, Under these new rules, albums that are attached to a ticket or merchandise bundle will no longer count for the ranking. The Billboards are a popular platform that tallies the total album sales and releases a weekly rank that is crucial for the popularity for the artist and revenue generation.
			THS the YOLO lifestyle
				A YOLO trend (You Only Live Once, 욜로) means a lifestyle or trend that many young people have adopted as a way to better enjoy life in the present, and not to think about saving up for the future.
		R4
			THBT revenue from tourism sites associated with indigenous cultures (e.g. Chichen Itza and related Mayan sites in Mexico) should be distributed directly to those communities.
			THBT Asian immigrants to Western countries should assimilate in the culture of their host country even at the expense of losing their original culture.
			THW mandates all newly created superheroes to represent racial/sexual minorities.
		QF
			THW weigh shareholder votes based on the length of time their shares have been held.
			THR the rise of cryptocurrency.
			THR the creation of the microcredit system in impoverished areas.
				Microcredit is the extension of very small loans to impoverished borrowers who typically lack collateral, steady employment, and verifiable credit history. For example, Grameen Bank operating in impoverished areas of Bangladesh provides such microcredits. These banks can implement high or low-interest rates without the intervention of the government.
		SF
			THBT progressive rabbis should actively denounce Zionism.
				A rabbi is a spiritual leader or religious teacher in Judaism. Progressive rabbis are rabbis who support the reform of judaism, which is characterized as being relatively liberal (viewing the individual Jew as autonomous and open to progressive values). Zionism is both an ideology and a nationalist movement that espouses the establishment of and support for a Jewish state centered in the area roughly corresponding to the Holy Land, the region of Palestine and/or Israel on the basis of a long Jewish attachment to that land.
			TH, as the Israeli government, would officially acknowledge all kinds of conscientious objection.
				A “conscientious objector” is an individual who has claimed the right to refuse to perform military service on the grounds of freedom of thought, conscience, or religion. The Israeli government has been sentencing the objectors (sarvanim in Hebrew) to prison for evading service, although with varying durations.
			THBT the U.S. should provide aid to Palestine at the expense of weakening ties with Israel.
		Rookie GF
			THBT silent rounds should be abolished.
			THW allow joint team participation in majors.
				“Majors” are prestigious and highly competitive debate tournaments held annually and internationally. These tournaments span over several days and draw a significant number of participants. Some examples of majors include WUDC, Australs, EUDC, UADC, and ABP
			THW mandate affirmative action for all debate tournaments.
				Currently, WUDC and Australs employ an affirmative action policy that requires at least one-third of each institution's contingent to be non cis-male. Representation of nationalities and genders is also taken into account when deciding certain breaks (i.e. judge breaks). The policy was promoted to increase diversity but also to encourage participation from less-represented groups
		GF
			THBT access to the internet should be a basic human right in developing countries.
			THW ban the collection of metadata.
				Metadata is data that provides information about other data. For example, if the actual content of a message is data, metadata about the message is when, where, amongst whom, and how the message was sent. It is generally impossible to prevent the collection of metadata without opting out from using services that collect them. Oftentimes, you are required to consent to the collection of your metadata to access sources on the internet, such as Google, Facebook, etc.
			THP a world in which AI undertakes all court rulings.
	Nagoya Debate Open (2020)
		R1
			THW require candidates running for high office (President, Parliament/Diet etc) to have prior experience holding office in regional or local government
			THW ban the microtargeting of political advertisement
				Microtargeting is a data-driven marketing strategy that allow advertisers to appeal to small groups of people with similar preferences and online activity records. It has been used in political campaigns to reach out to smaller subgroups of political affilication
			THW censor content that promote anti lockdown protests
		R2
			THBT, after meeting their basic needs, individuals have a moral responsibility to donate their wealth towards poverty alleviation.
			Assuming feasibility, THW allow prospective adoptive parents to manipulate the orphans' memory before adoption
			THW allow the development of AI that reproduce the artwork or personality of the deceased only when they explicitly consent
		R3
			THBT the main stream feminist movements should reject choice feminism.
				Choice feminism is a popular form of contemporary feminism, encouraging women to embrace the opportunities they have in life and to see the choices they make as justified and always politically acceptable
			THBT false accusation of homosexuality should not be permissible as grounds for defamation lawsuits
				Defamation is any false statement (oral or written) about another person that unjustly harms their reputation. A person who has been defamed can sue the person who did the defaming for damages.
			THBT the LGBTQ+ movement should include polyamorous people
		R4
			THBT tech companies should not participate in government projects that use facial recognition technology for surveillance
			THW require all companies that research into renewable energy to periodically declassify their findings.
			THW require articles and reporting by the media about the scientific accomplishment of women to pass the Finkbeiner Test
				The Finkbeiner Test is a checklist to help journalists avoid gender bias in media articles about women in science. To pass the test, an article about a female scientist must not mention: - That she is a woman - Her husband's job - Her childcare arrangements - How she nurtures her underlings - How she was taken aback by the competitiveness in her field - How she is a role model for other women - How she's the "first woman to..."
		QF
			THS the proposal to ban M&A in the US during the COVID 19 crisis
				Elizabeth Warren and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has proposed a ban on M&As by large corporations, hedge funds and private equity firms aimed at smaller businesses while the COVID-19 crisis goes on
			THW require the majority of companies' equity to be owned by sub-management level employees
			THS over-proportinate rates of retaliatory tariffs in response to tariffs
		SF
			THBT the EU should suspend funding for Hungary
				Viktor Orbán is the current Prime Minister of Hungary. His government is known and widely criticized for its conservative and authoritarian policies. Recently, the Hungarian parliament passed a state of emergency law that gives the Prime Minister the power to rule by decree. The parliament has also passed a law to end the legal recognition of trans people.
			TH, as Israel, W proceed with the unilateral annexation of the West Bank
				Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyafu is expected to forward a plan to annex large parts of the West Bank this summer under US support. This plan has been strongly rejected by Palestinians and the international community, and would close the possibility of a two-state solution
			TH, as the Republic of Korea (South Korea), would officially recognize DPRK (North Korea) as an independent state rather than continue to pursue a united Korea.
		GF
			THBT states should forcibly gain access and disclose the private information (e.g. age, occupation, record of movement and purchase) of people infected by a pandemic decease
			THW hold international recruitment agencies liable for migrant worker abuses that took place in any part of the chain of their employment deals (e.g. subcontracting in the country of immigration)
			TH, as a parent from a low-income household of multiple children, W allocate most resources to the child with the most potential.
		Rookie GF
			THR the significant rise of social media as a platform of political activism.
			THBT governments should prioritize scholarships and fundings for university departments that are deemed essential for society (e.g. Medicine, engineering, law) over those that are deemed unessential (e.g. Art, philosophy, literature).
			THBT social movements in democratic countries should prioritize initiatives that directly help the people (joining or initiating charity/NGO activity) on the ground over initiatives that push for policy change
	Nagoya Debate Open (2019)
		R1: Feminism
			In countries where compulsory military service for men exists, THBT feminists should advocate for the conscription of women.
			THBT policymaking on abortion in Parliament should be carried out exclusively by women.
			THW actively teach girls to occasionally compromise themselves by playing traditional feminine roles in order to maneuver in male-dominant group.
		R2: Science & Technology
			“The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that has never tried to contact us.”
			THW cease all space exploration activists and instead divert these funds to environmental causes.
			Assuming that there is high possibility of significant scientific discovery, THBT scientists should always conduct non-ethical experiments including but not limited to animal experiments and gene modification.
			THBT the usage of the data analytics being the default in team strategies in professional sports has done more harm than good.
				Data analytics: team strategy which statistically analyzes recorded player performance in order to generate the most effective method to win which excludes all other game plans and styles of play.
		R3: Narrative
			TH aggressively criticizes the favoritism for having biologically-related children over adoption.
			THR the narrative which promotes people seeking their own individuality i.e. unique preference, talent, or personality.
			THBT progressive media should disproportionately cover successful stories of immigrants, rather then portray them as socially excluded or vulnerable.
		R4: The Classics
			“We learn from experience that we never learn anything from experience.”
			THW ban religious or faith-based rehabilitation programmes in prison.
			THP a world where governments prioritize economic growth over economic redistribution.
			THW introduce the universal basic income system.
		QF: Criminal Justice
			THW jury nullfication as a means of combating racial injustices.
				Jury Nullification: the process where numbers of a trial jury find a defendant not guilty if they do not support a government’s law, do not believe it is constitutional or humane, or do not support a possible punishment for breaking the law.
			THBT corporations should be criminally liable for woke-washing as false advertising.
				Woke-washing is the promoting of progressive values by corporations as a part of their advertising pitch i.e. Mark & Spencer’s LGBTQ sandwich, Nike’s “Kaepernick ad” etc.
			THW allow parents of convicted criminals to bear a fraction of the total punishment that was originally and exclusively given to the children.
		SF: International Relations
			THBT the government of Taiwan should abandon any political and economic strategies calling for independence from the People’s Republic of China.
			THBT the US Supreme Court should mandate Donald Trump to directly cooperate with, instead of undermine or avoid any Congressional investigations.
			TH prefers a three-state solution to a two-state solution in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
				The three-state solution is an approach to peace in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict by returning control of the West Bank to Jordan and control of the Gaza Strip to Egypt. This solution has gained interest as alternative for two-state solution because it shows allegedly higher possibility to resolve the prolonged conflict with the joined force of Israel, Jordan and Egypt.
		GF:
			THW apply the standard of “Preponderance of Evidence”, rather than “Beyond a Reasonable Doubt” in prosecuting police officers who are involved in police brutality.
				Preponderance of Evidence(POE): lower burden of proof which only requires the prosecution to prove the defendant is moremore gulity than not.(51% bar)
				Beyond a Rerasonable Doubt(BRD): the highest burden of proof where the prosecution must prove that there is no plausible alternative other than gulity.(95% bar)
			Assuming the technology exits, THW erase all the memories of soldiers during their deployment in active conflict areas.
			THR the social norm that vengeance, hostlility and agony towards individuals or tragic events are unhealty forms of self-motivation.
		Rookie SF: Criminal Justice
			THW allow the government to access the private social media accounts of convicted criminals.
			THW castrate convicted rapists.
			THW apply the death penalty for politicians convicted of serious corruption.
		Rookie GF: Minorities
			THW believe that artists from dominant cultural groups should not portray minority cultural groups.
			TH does not believe in “What doesn’t kill you nakes you stronger.”
			TH, as the Pope, regrets the commodification of the Christmas tradition i.e. KFC tradition, gift exchange competitions, selling Bible CDs, Christian pop concerts, etc.
	Nagoya Debate Open (2018)
		R1
			THW ban pornography which depicts women in submissive manner
			THW ban religious street preachers in public
			THW prohibit the media from reporting on the mental illness of those accused of crimes
		R2
			THW ban private lawyers from criminal court and establish ‘Public attorneys’ office’ as counter part of ‘Public Prosecutors’ office’.
			THBT sex offenders should be monitored with GPS technology
			THW prohibit criminals from profiting from the publicity of their crimes
		R3
			THBT politicians should not use sensational rhetoric (e.g. War on Terror, Axis of evil) in public
			THW ban military recruitment campaigns targeted at low-income groups
			THBT post-conflict states should suppress discourse surrounding the period of conflict in order to promote peace
		R4
			In a super-aging society, THW give more votes to the young
			THBT Japan should actively attract and accept mass immigration
			TH opposes moral education as an official subject in the school curriculum
		QF
			THBT affirmative action policies are counterproductive to reduce inequalities
			As feminists, TH supports ‘mirroring’ as a tactic for fighting misogyny
				For the purpose of this motion, 'Mirroring' is defined as a practice to re-write male users'misogynist posts on the online sites with gender pronouns switched or keywords reversed.
			TH regrets categorization of sexual orientation.
		Rookie GF
			TH prefers a world without the system of marriage
			THW require individuals to pass a general knowledge test on politics to vote
			THW abolish all private, vernacular, religious and gender-based schools in favour of a homogeneous public schooling system
		SF
			“Assuming technology, as a debating community, THW make debaters completely anonymous in round rooms (e.g. hide name, gender and appearance, and use voice changer)”
			THBT debate rounds should be judged by non-debaters who can understand English
			TH opposes the dominant narrative “hard work always pays off”
		GF
			Assuming that a pill is discovered that significantly reduces a person’s IQ, but places them in a perpetual state of happiness. THW ban the pill.
			Assume that the earth will be destroyed in a near future, when human beings try to evacuate to another planet, THBT the member of spaceships should be elected by lottery, not by individual ability.
			THBT true democracy should allow its citizens to vote for authoritarianism.
	Nagoya Debate Open (2017)
		R1
			Suppose that it is financially possible, THW introduce basic income.
			THBT developed countries should require their multinational corporations to hire a significant portion of their labor from the region where they operate.
			THW oppose the commercialization of indigenous culture.
		R2
			THW impose an aptitude test on parents wishing to have a baby.
			THW ban sex reassignment surgery on intersexual children.
				”intersex” is a general term used for a variety of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that doesn’t seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male.
				Ex. Person might be born appearing to be female on the outside, but having mostly male-typical anatomy on the inside.
			THW ban baby hatch.
				”baby hatch” is a place where people can bring babies, usually newborn, and abandon them anonymously in a safe place to be found and cared for.
		R3
			TH regrets the rise of porn 2.0.
				Porn 2.0 named after “Web 2.0”, refers to pornographic websites featureing user-generated contents.It allows free uploading and streaming of pornographic content. Examples include Xvideos, PornHub, Redtube, YouPorn, xHamster, Porn.com and many others.
			THW not allow individuals in serious financial debt to perform in pornography.
			THW allow the production of animated child pornography.
		R4
			THBT the US government should abolish privatized prison.
			THBT parents should be legally liable for the criminal acts committed by their children.
			THBT indigenous people would be justified in sabotaging (violently or otherwise) economic projects in the event that they are built across or their land without their democratic consent.
		QF
			THBT feminist movement should actively seek to include men’s right activist in their movement.
			THBT the “Black Lives Matter” movement does more harm than good.
			THBT Okinawa’s “Anti-US military base movement” should not include members from outside Okinawa.
		SF
			THBT Japan government should end the “Dowa Policy”.
				Dowa policy：A series of government policies which aims to improve the living standard of the “Hisabetu-Burakumin”, and resolves the social discrimination against them.
				These policies may include(not limited to)
				・Funding to construction projects in “Buraku” communities.
				・Tax deductions and other financial privileges.
				・Promotion of educational/awareness programs.
				Hisabetu-Burakumin(Burakumin)：A Japanese social minority group, descendants of feudal-era outcast.
			THBT Japan should abolish the Imperial system.
			THBT Yasukuni Shrine should remove the enshrinement of Class-A war criminals.
		GF
			THBT the Dalai Lama should announce that he will not reincarnate and declare that the office of the Dalai Lama will henceforth not exist.
				Dalai Lama’s reincarnation：
				Upon the Dalai Lama’s decease, the process of finding the reincarnated Dalai Lama begins. Once a candidate has been found, it must be confirmed by the Panchen Lama to be appointed as the next Dalai Lama.
				Currently there are two Panchen Lama. Gedhun Choekyi Nyima was appointed as the 11th Panchen lama by Dalai Lama 14th in May 1995. He is currently being held captive by the Chinese government, and his whereabout is unknown. In November 1995, Gyaincain Norbu was appointed as the 11th Panchen Lama by the Chinese government.The current Dalai Lama 14th turns 81 this year.
			THBT Colombian government should not conclude any peace treaty with FARC, unless it gets a popular support through a national referendum.
			THBT the United States should end the “War on Drug” policy.
				“War on Drug” policy：Sets of policies conducted by the United States government which include military aid, and military intervention, as well as harsher prohibition laws with the aim of reducing illegal drug trade.
