Osawa Cup
	Osawa Cup 2024
		R1
			THBT categorization of behavioral patterns and characteristics does more harm than good. (e.g. MBTI, Blood-type personality theoiry, 5 Love Languages, etc.)
				OG $stats 1, 1, 3, 2
				OO $stats 3, 3, 1, 0
				CG $stats 1, 2, 2, 2
				CO $stats 2, 1, 1, 3
		R2
			THBT dating apps should force all users to publicly discorce their income status
				OG $stats 1, 3, 2, 1
				OO $stats 4, 2, 1, 0
				CG $stats 1, 0, 3, 3
				CO $stats 1, 2, 1, 3
		R3
			THP the use of explicit historical references in pop culture (e.g. Nazis in Indiana Jones, the Ainu in ゴールデンカムイ, etc.) as opposed to a creation of a world mostly or entirely detached from any historical event (e.g. Ratatouille, Totoro, etc.)
				OG $stats 3, 3, 1, 0
				OO $stats 1, 1, 5, 0
				CG $stats 0, 3, 1, 3
				CO $stats 3, 0, 0, 4
		GF
			THP for him to disclose his naughty/nice list as opposed to keeping it confidential
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 1, 0
				For the purpose of this debate, Santa Claus scores all children on earth on a scale of 1 to 10. While any Score above 5 is classified as a "nice", a score of 5 or below would mean "naughty". A higher score increases the chance of getting better presents, but a score of 5 or below would result in the child not getting any presents at all for the year. Santa is considering individually disclosing the scores of all children.
	Osawa Cup 2023
		R1
			THBT the entire process of job applications must be held under complete anonymity. (i.e. not revealing name or gender)
		R2
			TH, as Taylor Swift, would retire from music upon finishing the Eras Tour
				Global superstar Taylor Swift is an American female singer-songwriter recognized for her lyricism, musical versatility, performance ability, and influence on the music industry. She has won 12 Grammys including three Album of the Year awards. If she wins the award again this month for her album Midnights, she will be the first artist in history to accomplish a four time win. As of today, she is the artist with the most monthly listeners on Spotify. Starting her career in country music and blossoming into a pop icon, Taylor Swift's lyrics, messages and music have evolved over time alongside the shifting music industry. The Eras Tour is her ongoing worldwide stadium tour. The three and a half hour concert pays homage to Taylor's 10 albums or "Eras" throughout her musical career of 17 years. The tour exhibits record-breaking success and is predicted to be the highest grossing tour in history by any artist of all time. The tour started in March 2023 and is set to end in December 2024 after touring 149 shows across 5 continents. Alongside the tour, she is working on re-recording her first six albums after her masters were bought by Scooter Braun, a person whom she had hostile relations with. Taylor is also an advocate for issues in the music industry such as artist compensation, rights to owning music, media portrayal, and gender discrimination. 
				Taylor Swift is now 33 years old, and has recently been in a public relationship with football star Travis Kelce.
		R3
			THW purchase the haunted house
				You and your partner, a couple expecting children who want to settle down, are looking for a house. One day, you find your dream house, perfect in every way, for half the price you were expecting. There is a catch: the house is haunted by four ghosts who were the AC of Osawa Cup 2023. Apparently, in the process of drunkenly celebrating the end of the tournament, they all got run over by a dump truck......Because of this, lights and home appliances turn on and off for no reason, doors slam unprompted, and occasionally you hear a shadowy figure shouting "POI!" in the other rooms time to time! At nights before major open tournaments, you hear the ghosts debating each other in the middle of the night in a sad, crying voice. The house is perfect though, and it is really cheap......
		GF
			THP humans predominantly believing that ghosts are friendly and helpful to humans (e.g. Kasper the friendly ghost) as opposed to scary and antagonistic. (e.g Sadako, お化け屋敷)
				Infoslide:
				For the purposes of this debate, we assume that ghosts exist! They are spirits of deceased individuals, and linger in the same realm as humans. They retain their memories of their past life and can see and hear their surroundings like a human can, but do not have a physical presence. They have limited ways of interaction, such as through light levels of haunting (e.g. giving people the chills, sometimes making them hear slight voices, moving small stuff around at night).
	16th Osawa Cup (2022)
		R1 
			THO media aimed at children (TV shows, books, etc.) that glorify Dark Heroes"" who question and disobey law and authority to carry out acts of justice. (Examples include Robin Hood, Harley Quinn, etc.)
		R2 
			THBT the feminist movement should campaign to deconstruct masculinity rather than reframe masculinity (e.g. REAL MEN WEAR PINK) to serve feminist goals.
		R3 
			THW restrict free speech to combat the rise of extremism. (e.g. white supermacy, incel ideology)
		GF 
			THR the rise of para-social relationships in streaming and social media platforms.
				A para-social relationship is a one-sided relationship where one person extends significantly more emotional energy, interest and time, while the other party is pretty much unaware of the other’s existence. Para-social relationships are most common with idols, celebrities, organizations (such as sports teams) or influencers.
	15th Osawa Cup (2019)
		R1
			THBT Japan should actively participate in the One Belt One Road initiative.
		R2
			TH, as the feminist movement, opposes the “not like other girls” trope.
				“Not like other girls” trope is a common TV/Movie/Book/Meme plot or characterization where the main female protagonist is described as being “different” and “unusual” (e.g. being smart, emotionally resilient, down to earth, independent, less caring, lacks interest in certain things) compared to other ‘typical girls.’
		R3
			Assuming feasibility, THW implement the “Literal and Universal Birth Lottery” system.
				“Literal and Universal Birth Lottery” is a cool word I came up with. It refers to a system in which parents do not raise their own biological children. Instead, they will raise children who are randomly assigned to them through a lottery in a universal/global scale. For example, a Japanese parent may be assigned a Thai child, and vice versa.
		GF
			TH regrets the practice of competing on national costumes in international beauty contests.
	14th Osawa Cup (2018)
		R1
			THW require government involvement and approval for creation and renewal of all labor contracts
		R2
			THW mandate all development aid to be administered by international organization. (i.e. World Bank, AIIB, AIB, etc)
		R3
			THW opposes the social norm to hide or mischaracterize truths about the world from children (e.g. “sinners go to hell”, future prospect & careers, there ability compared to other children)
				*原文ママ
		GF
			THBT the First Lady should actively enact major policies on behalf of the President.
				You are the First Lady of the United States. You are more competent than the President or the Vice President in enacting & convincing the legislators & the electorate.
	13th Osawa Cup(2017)
		R1 ミーアキャット
			THS communal child rearing.
				Communal child rearing is the system of raising children as a whole society. In this system, biological parents lose parental right to their children, and the communities give necessities of lives, education and money for independence etc. to all children equally. Also, parents and children live apart, and don’t keep special connection to each other.
		R2 ヒーロー再び
			Assuming that human beings with superpowers have come into existence, THBT those with superpowers should be governed by an international community on its use of their powers.
		R3 大会後のSNS
			THBT social media platforms (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) should　sensor contents produced by extremist political parties.
		GF カッコいい話聞きたいっす
			Assuming the drugs which completely remove criminal mind from convicted criminals and change themselves into ones obedient to law & calm exist, THW inject the drugs into all convicts(懲役囚) & release them instead of imprisonment and death penalty.
	12th Osawa Cup (2016)
		R1
			THBT students should not wear oppressed minority’s traditional clothes as a Halloween costume in university.
		R2
			Assuming feasibility, THW erase the sense of fear from soldiers.
		R3
			TH, as a Muslim feminist, opposes rise of fashionable headscarves (e.g. Hijab, Niqab, Burqa, etc).
		GF
			THBT actors or actresses who are the prominent social activist should not act as characters that conflict with their political ideas.
	11th Osawa Cup (2015)
		Motion for Round 1 (by Kasumi Nogawa)
			THW not allow individuals to opt into an one-way mission to Mars with the Mars One Project.
				Info Slide: Mars one project is a project that intends to establish a human settlement on Mars. The first crew selected from ordinary citizens would arrive on Mars in 2027 with no possibility of return.
		Motion for Round2 (by Kasumi Nogawa)
			THBT the state education should encourage children to engage in a love relationship
		Motion for Round 3 (by Kaicho)
			TH prefers existence of “Dark Heroes” who, even using unlawful means, block radical innovations that fundamentally alter the current social/industrial framework (eg. very cheap synthesis of oil and gold, cold nuclear fusion).
		Motion for Grand Final (by Ken Kuroki)
			Assuming technology, as a debating community, THW make debaters completely anonymous in round rooms (hide name, gender and appearance, and use voice changer etc.)
	10th Osawa Cup (2014)
		Motion for round 1: Wanna Show Off Your Religion?
			THW allow companies to prohibit employees from showing their religious symbol at work.
		Motion for round 2: Time is Money!!!
			Assuming technology, THW legalize the exchange of lifetime years with money.
				Note: Everyone will be induced a built-in timer which says how many life- years are remaining for each. This timer will also make one’s life years transferrable safely.
				The life years bought will have an anti aging effect. (for example, if a person at her 55 buys 15 years, she will remain to be 55 for 15 years.)
		Motion for round 3: Sorry, I just blocked you
			THBT individuals should be able to have completely private digital communication and information storage (in mobile phones and PCs)which cannot be eavesdropped or accessed by the state.
				Note: Law enforcement and spy agencies will never be able to intervene into one’s privacy unless he or she consents to it.
		Motion for the Grand Final: Control Yourselves!
			TH prefers a world in which individuals could, even if once, go back to their past and restart their childhood with the nurture (ie parenting) that they have designed.
				Note: The restarter will have the memory of having chosen to retry their childhood themselves but no other memories.
	9th Osawa cup (2011)
		R1 Religion
			THBT the church should allow homosexual clergies.
			THW provide religious education for prisoners.
			THW establish religious courts in areas where there are many religious minorities.
		R2 Company and Environment
			THBT individuals who have commanded pollutions within corporations should be charged with manslaughter.
			THW abolish the carbon trading.
			THBT the government should limit the amount of debt that corporations can have.
		R3 Medication
			THBT HIV positive workers should tell their employers of their status.
			THBT smokers should be excluded from Medicare system.
			THW force sperm banks to reveal the identity of sperm donors upon request of the offspring, upon reaching the age of consent.
		R4 Law and Order
			THBT in times of war, the state should offer convicts improsoned for heinous crimes the option to fight for the army in exchange of conditional pardon.
			THBT individuals found guilty of crimes overseas should serve thier sentences in their country of origin.
			THBT assassination of political leaders can be justified.
	7th Osawa cup (2009)
		R1 Barack Obama
			THBT it is time to end affirmative action for African-Americans.
			THBT the US military should not withdraw from Iraq.
			THW establish national health insurance in the United States.
		R2 Gender
			THW force religious adaption agencies to place children with homosexual couples.
			THBT people should give up the marriage system.
			THW ban all forms of religious gender discrimination.
		R3 Nippon
			THW distribute shelters to homeless people.
			THW support worldwide proliferation of Japanese Otaku culture.
			THBT Mr. Aso Taro is failing.
		R4 Children
			THW ban homeschooling.
			THW censor fast food advertisement for children.
			THW provide free child care service for all working mothers.
	5th Osawa Cup (2007)
		R1 Economy
			THW abolish fixed working hours for white-collar workers.
			THW limit medical expenditure for terminal patients.
			THW aborgate the Kyoto Protocol.
		R2 Identity
			THBT fashion shows should require minimum standard body mass index for models.
			THW celebrate wearing of Muslim veils by immigrants in Western society.
			THBT history textbooks should include coverage of contemporary religious / radical conflicts among its nationals.
		R3 Power Game
			THW justify a coup detat.
			THW bouble the occupation forces in Iraq.
			THW establish a regional Security Council in Latin America.
		R4 Hidden Social Problems
			THW stop broadcasting suicide.
			THW forcefully intervene in domestic violence even without victim’s request.
			THW ban all video-games featuring animated child pornography.