Oxford IV 2022
  Oxford IV
    R1:
      THW require all public primary and secondary schools to have significant quotas for all major ethnicites in their region
    R2:
      THS states pursuing the goal of energy self sufficiency
    R3:
      THP a world where the dominant norm is one where it is acceptable to talk about sex, sexual interests and advances with adults in all contexts (e.g. strangers, friends, work etc)
    R4:
      THS mission command models in militaries
        'Mission command' refers to granting large degrees of autonomy to individual military units and lower ranking officers. Rather than give concrete orders from the higher ranks and penalising soldiers for incompliance, under mission command model there are general guidelines and limitations that leave lower ranking officers a wide range of legitimate courses of action to choose from.
    R5:
      THP sectoral bargaining to enterprise bargaining
        Sectoral bargaining refers to large labour unions negotiating on behalf of a full sector of employees (e.g. teachers union, coal miners union). In contrast, Enterprise bargaining refers to smaller labour unions negotiating on behalf of employees of a single company (e.g. Amazon Labour union).
    QF:
      THBT the US Federal Reserve should not continue to increase interest rates
    Novice Final:
      THBT childhood years are the best years of life
    SF:
      In federations, THBT laws regarding individual rights should be regulated exclusively by the federal government
        'Laws regarding individual rights' are laws that have significant moral or principled implications on human rights and liberties, such as abortion rights, marriage rights etc., as opposed to legislations which are more practical in nature such as minimum wage levels, age of retirement etc.
    ESL Final:
      THBT Gantz should enter a coalition with Netanyahu conditional that The Religious Zionist party is kept out of interest
        The Religious Zionist Party is a far-right political party in Israel. The party supports annexation of west bank territories, opposes gay marriage and supports significant limitations on the Supreme court. In the recent Israeli elections, The Likud party, led by Benjamin Netanyahu, won the most seats.
        Netanyahu will need The Religious Zionist Party to form a coalition, unless he gets support from the National Unity party lead by Benny Gantz, that is traditionally part of the center-left anti-Netanyahu block in the Knesset.
    GF:
      THBT it is in the interest of the Indian people for India to align with the West   