Pre-Australs
	Pre-Australs 2016
		R1
			That the feminist movement should severely condemn the narrative ‘female ought to be protected!
			That we should welcome the rise of the manosphere
				The manosphere is a name given to a loose and informal network of blogs, forums and websites, with internet commentators focsing on issues relating to men and masculinity, as a male counterpart to feminism or in opposition to it. Their content is varried, and includes Men Going Their Own Way (MGTOW)< men’s rights issues, fathers’ rights movement activists, and male victims of abuse, self-improvement, bodybuilding, antifeminism, seduction community commentary for pick-up artists.
			That the feminist movement should oppose the practice of wives adopting their partner’s name after marriage
		R2
			That judges who repeatedly give verdicts that contravene public majority opinion should be suspended.
			That courts should not use evidence collected by illigal means.
			That, the parent of a 10-year old child, after witnessing him/her push another child down a cliff during a heated argument resulting in the death of the other child, should choose to surrender to the police and shoulder the blame instead, assuming the knowledge that similar actions will result in 40-years imprisonment regardless of the age of perpetrator.
		R3
			That UNESCO should not designate histrical sites of discrimination against minorities as cultural heritage sites.
			That international sporting organizations (IOC, FIFA) should cancel sporting events if the prospective host country is experiencing an economic, political or medical crisis.
			That greater political integration, similar to that of the EU, will be better for ASEAN countries.
				The EU model of socio-political integration involves EU member states working together through common institutions (European Commission, European Council, European Parliament) to set policy that is binding on all EU members. Other institutions that exist within the framework such as the Court of Justice also have power to interpret EU law and pass binding judgements. In comparison, ASEAN operates on a principle of non-intervention, consensus and negotiations.
		GF
			That given a choice between a world without racial differences and a world without gender differences, a world without racial differences is better.
			That we prefer the world with a unified universal common religion.
			That money is the root of all evils.
	Pre-Australs 2015
		R1
			That feminist movement should support armpit hair competition
			That feminist should applaud the rise of songs by female pop artists that glorify assertive female sexuality
			That having more women holding higher leadership positions (e.g. CEOs, politicians) should not be the central focus of feminism
		R2
			That development aid should be given based on cash-on-delivery scheme
				Cash-on-Delivery is the scheme for development aid that focuses on the results, encourages innovation and strengthens government accountability to citizens rather than donors. Under Cash-on-Delivery aid, donors would pay for measurable and verifiable progress on specific outcomes, such as $100 dollars for every child above baseline expectations who completes primary school and takes a test. When recipients cannot achieve the goal of what they are expected before having the contracts, aid from donors is going to decrease than before or stops.
			That state should actively regulate the number of entrant to industry in order to avoid excessive competition
			That states should abolish leniency policy and impose stricter punishment for violations
				The leniency policy offers companies involved in a cartel – which self-report and hand over evidence – either total immunity from fines or a reduction of fines which the Fair Trade Commission would have otherwise imposed on them. The order of report and the quantity/quality of information matters in terms of the kinds of exemption corporations can obtain.
		R3
			That prominent civil society activists should choose not to run for public office
			That we should abolish all permanent seats on the UN Security Council.
			That liberal democracies should deprive its citizens of their citizenships if they engage in the activities of militant terrorist organisations.
		GF
			That states should actively seek for the methods to artificially create human children and raise them to combat population declination
			That we regret the increasing popularity and social acceptance of cosmetic plastic surgery.
			That states should never censor the use of thin models in the advertisements.
	Pre-Australs 2014
		R1: The Invisible Hand
			Info Slide: Private banks deposit a certain share of their savings into the central bank. The central bank pays interest to the private banks. A negative interest rate essentially works as a tax on the banks of private bank savings deposited in the central bank.
			That central banks should introduce negative interest rates in times of economic recession/stagnation.
			That governments should withhold information that negatively affects the economy from the public.
			That we should prohibit politicians from holding shares/stocks.
		R2: Science, Technology and Society
			Info Slide: Fully autonomous weapons, also known as “killer robots,” would be able to select and engage targets without human intervention. Fully autonomous weapons do not exist yet, but they are being developed by several countries and precursors to fully autonomous weapons have already been deployed by high-tech militaries. Some experts predict that fully autonomous weapons could be operational in 20 to 30 years. –Human Rights Watch
			That we should ban development of fully autonomous weapons.
			That the government should not officially deny the effectiveness of alternative medicine such as homeopathy.
			That online dating websites should be required to conduct a background check of all people wishing to post a profile.
		R3: International Relations
			That Japan should leave the IWC.
			That governments facing severe sustained conflicts should seek for power sharing with anti-government groups rather than oppress them.
			That constitutional Monarchies should be abolished.
		GF: Minorities
			That the gay right movements should oppose pink washing.
				Pink washing: The promotion of the gay-friendliness of a corporate or political entity in an attempt to downplay or soften aspects of it considered negative. – Wikipedia
			That the feminist movement should abandon the term feminist in favor of a new name such as equalist. (Debated)
			That governments of states with large but marginalized indigenous populations should aim for the increased employment of indigenous peoples over employing immigrants.
	Pre-Australs 2013
		R1: The Vulnable
			That parents have no right to physically punish their children
			That Infancy Defense should be abolished and courts should be allowed to punish children
			That the unbalanced relationship between parents and school is a loss of education
		R2: 誰出すの？今でしょ！ Geopolitics
			That EU should cut off its aid for Turkey
			That ASEAN should military intervene in the humanitarian crisis within its member states
			That it is time for China to introduce multi-party elections
		R3: Progress
			That feminist movement should see the diffusion of surrogate motherhood
			That state where gay marriage is legalized should accept homosexuals as refugee if they are from the countries where homosexuality is illegal with harsh punishment
			That court should not enforce wills that discriminate on the basis of race
		GF: Grandfinalism
			That humanity is better off without sexual desire
			That we should support Anonymous
			That overall, religion has been a force for good in the world
	Pre-Australs 2012
		R1: Crime and Punishment
			That we shd abolish the use of insanity as a legal defense
			That we should give prisoners the right to vote.
			That we should criminalize the payment of ransom.
		R2: Children
			That we should hold students legally responsible for bullying if it resulted victim’s death.
			That parents should have the right to choose the sex of their children in developing nations
			That we should external Child Abuse Laws to include punishing parents who force homosexual children to become straight.
		R3: Crime
			That we should allow insurance companies to consider the results of genetic tests in assessing potential customers.
			That we should make the directors of transnational corporations criminally responsible for any environmental damage caused by their corporations in developing world.
			That we should abolish right to strike.
		GF
			That international law should extend the full protections to guerrilla fighters, insurgents and terrorists as prisoners of war.
			That the military targeting of any place of worship is a legitimate warfare tactic.
			That the post conflict societies should have a Truth and Reconciliation Commission (including a mechanism that grants amnesties) instead of criminal trials when dealing with war criminals.
	Pre-Australs 2011
		R1: Cross-Border Activities
			That China should not provide financial and energy assistance to North Korea.
			That we should ban mail-order brides That East Asia should adopt a common history textbook
		R2: Outside VS Inside
			That we should abolish beauty contests
			That companies should not ask employees about their educational backgrounds
			That we should ban all procedures designed to alter racial appearance
		R3: (Social) Media
			That media facilities are legitimate targets in war
			That the media should cap the report on crimes committed by minorities
			That the hiring and firing by employers should not be influenced by information found on social networking sites
		GF: Social Contract
			That governments should grant citizenship to illegal immigrants who report on work-place exploitation
			That emigrants should pay an ‘exit tax’ when they change their citizenship
			That governments should grant voting rights to foreigners
	Pre-Australs 2010
		R1: That we should legalize intra-familial marriage.
			That disclosure of criminal record amongst married couples should be mandatory by law.
			That state should not recognize marriage or give any privileges to married couples.
		R2: Unholy Enemies
			That Israel should abandon the security wall.
			That Gaza and West Bank should be separate states.
			That US should end its aid to Israel.
		R3: Little Angels & Demons
			That one child’s body parts should not be used to save a sibling’s life.
			That talented students should be taught separately from their peers.
			That child labour in developing countries should be allowed.
		GF: The Worst Political System…
			That the West should not pressure reconstructing countries to hold elections.
			That China should have a fair and free elections.
			That grand coalition should be banned.