Silver Cup
	Silver Cup 2025
		R1
			THBT "have it all" feminism has done more harm than good
				OG $stats 2, 0, 3, 1
				OO $stats 1, 1, 2, 2
				CG $stats 3, 0, 1, 2
				CO $stats 0, 5, 0, 1
				"Have it all" feminism argues that it is possible and desirable for women to pursue and balance having both a successful career and having a family.
		R2
			THR the rise of the gig economy
				OG $stats 1, 1, 2, 2
				OO $stats 2, 1, 2, 1
				CG $stats 1, 3, 0, 2
				CO $stats 2, 1, 2, 1
				The gig economy is a labour market that relies heavily on temporary and part-time positions filled by independent contractors and free lancers rather than full time permanent employees. Examples of companies that work within this economy are Uber, Dileveroo and Fiver.
		R3
			THW allow parents to give the Politeness Pill to their children under the age of 18, regardless of the children's consent
				OG $stats 0, 3, 2, 1
				OO $stats 2, 1, 2, 1
				CG $stats 3, 0, 0, 3
				CO $stats 1, 2, 2, 1
				The Politeness Pill, when taken, temporarily permits only socially acceptable behavior, such as obedience, attendance at school, good manners, following the law, refraining from drugs and alcohol, etc.
		GF
			THP a world with one global superpower, rather than multiple international superpowers
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 1, 0
				The Politeness Pill, when taken, temporarily permits only socially acceptable behavior, such as obedience, attendance at school, good manners, following the law, refraining from drugs and alcohol, etc.
	Silver Cup 2024
		R1
			THBT benevolent sexism is the greatest obstacle for women to succeed
				OG $stats 3, 0, 1, 1
				OO $stats 1, 1, 2, 1
				CG $stats 0, 0, 2, 3
				CO $stats 1, 4, 0, 0
				Benevolent sexism represents evaluations of gender that may appear subjectively positive to the person who is evaluating, but are actually damaging to people and gender equality more broadly (e.g. the ideas that women need to be protected by men)
		R2
			THW implement a system of voter insurance for national elections
				OG $stats 2, 2, 0, 1
				OO $stats 3, 1, 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1, 2, 2
				CO $stats 0, 1, 3, 1
				For the purpose of this debate, voter insurance is a scheme in which voters can vote to "purchase" insurance against a candidate winning, instead of voting for their favorable candidate. All voters who insured themselves against the eventual winner of the election will receive a sum of money from the government as compensation, for the projected future harm they will suffer during the term of office.
		R3
			THP a world where states provide universally accessible unconditional euthanasia
				OG $stats 2, 0, 1, 2
				OO $stats 0, 3, 2, 0
				CG $stats 1, 1, 1, 2
				CO $stats 2, 1, 1, 1
		GF
			THBT developing countries should acquire, on the open market, large stakes in major publicly-traded global corporations
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 0
				CO $stats 0, 1
	Silver Cup 2023
		R1
			THS the cult of productivity
				The cult of productivity refers to a set of norms where being continuously productive and busy in both your professional and personal life is seen as desirable and virtuous.
		R2
			THW prohibit companies from regulating the private behaviors of their employees in employment contracts
				e.g., mandatory drug tests, no smoking policies, regulating their employees’ social media, prohibiting models/actors from dating etc.
		R3
			TH, as a gay person with a profound faith in Catholic, would dismiss the Pope's view for the sake of Catholic tradition
				Earlier this month, the Pope critisised laws to ban same sex marriage. While he has been consistent with his attitude that the sacrament of marriage cannot be given to same sex couples, he started to declare to be for civil union(including but not limited to parner ship policy). He mentioned that homosexual love itself should also be welcomed, which incites doubts from the consevatives.
	Silver Cup 2022
		R1
			TH prefers a world without organized religion
		R2
			TH celebrates corporate feminism
				Corporate Feminism is a form of feminism that focuses on women climbing the corporate laddar by adapting to male-dominated society. This may include but is not limited to; encouraging women to prioritize their career over their traditional maternal roles, to act  masculine in the office, or to actively compete with their peers for better positions/wages etc.
		R3
			THW replace current form of voting with blind voting
				Blind voting refers to a system where voters cast their votes for various policies and then candidates are matched to them based on the preferences presented. It is “blind” in a way that the voters do not know which specific candidates/parties they are voting for.
