Sophomon Cup
	Sophomon Cup 2022 (3.26-27)
		Round 1
			THBT schools should actively teach children romantic relationship management skills.
			THR cram school culture.
				A cram school is a private tutoring institution that supplements regular schooling. It trains its students to achieve particular academic goals,most commonly to pass the entrance examinations of junior-high schools, high schools, or universities.
			THBT schools should stop all attempts to put students in severe competition in extracurricular activities.
		Round 2
			THW replace all social safety net policies with universal basic income.
				Universal Basic Income (UBI) is a system under which all adult citizens receive a certain amount of money on a regular basis, regardless of their income or need. It is also intended to be introduced as an alternative to unify the various existing social security systems.
			TH, as the state A, W not adhere to the economic sanction on the state B.
				State A's economy is largely dependent on state B. State B has caused a severe humanitarian crisis, and is subject to an economic sanction that is agreed by many of the members of the international community.
			THBT the provision of loans by global institutions in times of economic crisis should not be conditioned on meeting fiscal policy criteria determined by those institutions (e.g. IMF requiring reductions in government budgets, privatizations, and market delegations).
		Round 3
			THR the media focus on the gender of successful female professionals. (i.e. "female" president, "female" scientist)
			THR Youtube's decision to make the "dislike" count on videos inaccessible from public.
			THW ban the media from intruding private lives of public figures.
		Round 4
			THR the rise of direct to consumer genetic testing (e.g. AncestryDNA, 23 & Me).
			THR the rise of self-diagnosing mental health conditions.
			THW ban the use of unhealthily thin fashion models.
		Scarlet Pre-SF / Violet SF
			THW fund university departments in proportion to their role as a pipeline into the state's economy.
			THR the negative connotations associated with "ronin(浪人)".
				A ronin(浪人)is a student who has graduated from a High School, but failed or is not satisfied with the results of the entrance exams for universities, and spends additional year(s) to study.
			THBT the results of unethical research should be destroyed.
		Scarlet SF
			THO ethnicity filters on dating apps.
				An ethnicity filter on a dating app refers to the app's feature that enables you to filter your potential matches based on their ethnicity.
			THBT major film and television award shows should abolish award categories separated by gender.
			THP a world where Olympics are held without national element (i.e. no concept of national medal count, no national teams, no flags, no national anthem etc.).
		Scarlet GF
			THR the narrative that gift/talent should be used for social good rather than their own personal interest.
			THS the rise of optimism toward COVID-19.
			THR the narrative that family love should be unconditional.
		Violet GF
			THBT government of developing nations should introduce English as a single official language.
			THBT developing countries should nationalize natural resources.
			THBT developing countries should prioritize the education for the mass over the education for creating elites.
	Sophomon Cup 2021
		Round1 Poverty
			THBT fines should be proportionate to income.
			THBT poverty should be mitigating factor in sentencing economic crimes.
			THW ban hostile architecture
		Round 2 Theme: Politics
			THW introduce compulsory voting system.
			THR the rise of slacktivism.
				Slacktivism is a term for the practice of supporting a political or social cause by means such as social media or online petitions, often characterized as involving very little effort or commitment.
			THR the rise of anti-establishment candidates.
		Round 3 Theme: Expression
			THW censor racially provocative art.
			THW ban speech that insults religion.
			THBT the Media should refrain from sensationally reporting on incidents of police brutality.
		Round 4 Theme: Ethnicity
			THW ban all procedures designed to alter racial appearance.
			In a post-genocide society, THBT the state should aggressively pursue housing policies which promote racial integration.
			TH, as indigenous community, would encourage its young generation to study/find a job inside reservations rather than in urban areas.
		Theme: IR
			THBT United States should militarily intervene in Myanmar.
			TH, as Japan, would remove Article 9 from its constitution.
			As the Japanese government, THW cancel of the Tokyo Olympics/Paralympics.
		Theme: Technology
			Assuming feasibility, THS the use of AI for recruitment.
			THW introduce a female quota in their STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) faculties.
			THBT filter bubbles do more harm than good.
				Filter bubble is a state of intellectual isolation when a website algorithm selectively guesses what information a user would like to see based on personalized search.
		Theme: Culture and Narratives
			THR the rise of sharing culture.
				Sharing culture refers to a culture which encourages the frequent posting of botch mundane and intimate details of one's life on social media platforms and the commenting on and reacting to others post of this nature.
			THR the dominant narrative that says "time heals all wounds.”
			THO the dominant narrative that “hard work always pay off.”