Sudachi Cup
	Sudachi Cup 2024
		R1
			TH, as you, would pursue a romantic relationship with the AI chatbot instead of actively seeking romantic relationships with human
				OG $stats 1, 2, 2, 0
				OO $stats 2, 1, 0, 2
				CG $stats 2, 1, 1, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1, 2, 2
				You are a college freshman who is interested in romantic relationships, but has had no relationship. One day, you find an AI chatbot that can simulate romantic interactions extremely well.
		R2
			THW ban religious actions which deem to put believers at serious risk
				OG $stats 3, 1, 1, 0
				OO $stats 1, 2, 0, 2
				CG $stats 1, 1, 3, 0
				CO $stats 0, 1, 1, 3
		R3
			THBT the LGBTQ+ movement should prioritize highlighting the unique features and struggles of each gender (i.e. struggles of gays being distinct from those of lesbians or those of asexuals being distinct from those of aromantics) rather than highlighting unified struggles
				OG $stats 0, 3, 1, 1
				OO $stats 1, 1, 3, 0
				CG $stats 3, 0, 1, 1
				CO $stats 1, 1, 0, 3
		R4
			TH, as you, would give up taking audition instead of try other auditions
				OG $stats 0, 2, 1, 2
				OO $stats 4, 0, 1, 0
				CG $stats 1, 0, 2, 2
				CO $stats 0, 3, 1, 1
				A survival idol audition show is essentially a elimination competition style show where participants start with a pool of trainees and throughout various challenges, get eliminated until they get down to the "final" where if you pass, a group is formed with the few who survived to the end. The show broadcast the scene of participants practicing dance, song etc and their lifestyle by which viewers can understand the participants’ personality. In order to pass the various challenges during the show,the participants have to get voted more by viewers compared to other participants.You are 16 years old and participated in an idol survival audition show. You were dropped in the "final", and could not make the debut.
		R5
			THW reintroduce "Yutori" education
				OG $stats 1, 2, 0, 1
				OO $stats 2, 1, 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 0, 1, 2
				CO $stats 0, 1, 3, 0
				"Yutori" education refers to a Japanese education policy which reduces the hours and the content. from the Japanese curriculum guidelines in primary education. This education policy grants teachers greater autonomy in developing lessons suited to the specific needs of their classrooms and schools.During Yutori Education, these policies below were introduced.- 30% of the curriculum was cut and "time for integrated study", where teachers can set the curriculums according to each school's need, was established- Introduced 'absolute scale grade'
		Pre GF
			THP a world where the dominant norm is e/acc to where the dominant norm is EA
				OG $stats 1, 0
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
		GF
			THP a world where people cannot blame themselves
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 0
				CO $stats 0, 1
		Rookie GF
			THS decentralization in Japan
				OG $stats 1, 0
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				Decentralization is the transfer of control of an activity or organization to several local offices or authorities rather than one single one.Central governments perform a minimum amount of work, and local governments rely relatively on their revenue sources and exhibit a high degree of autonomy. Consequently, each region is able to formulate and implement its own policies independently.
	Sudachi Cup 2022
		R1 
			THW not punish people below the poverty line for economic crimes.
				Economic crime, also known as financial crime, refers to illegal acts committed by an individual or a group of individuals to obtain a financial or professional advantage.    
		R2 
			THBT important decisions about children's health should be made by medical professionals and not by their parents
		R3 
			THW ban sacrilegous expressions.
				To make this motion clear, “Sacrilegious expression” is expression which severely insults a religion or their God.
		R4
			THW ban child labor in the entertainment industry.