Sun Sun Cup
	Sun Sun Cup 2025
		R1
			TH, as an Olympic athlete, W choose to participate in the Enhanced Games
				OG $stats 1, 0, 0, 6
				OO $stats 1, 4, 2, 0
				CG $stats 1, 1, 5, 0
				CO $stats 4, 2, 0, 1
				Info: The multi-sport Enhanced Games (Enhanced Games) is a sports tournament that allows athletes to use performance-enhancing substances. Participants are permitted to use some substances/treatments that are banned from elite sport (e.g. anabolic steroids, growth hormones, testosterone, etc), but there will be some doping measures under medical supervision, such as banning cocaine and heroin. It is backed by billionaire Peter Thiel and large monetary incentives have been offered to athletes who compete and break records. The first event is planned to be held in Las Vegas, from 21-24 May 2026.
		R2
			THBT the feminist movement should prioritise the masculinisation of private spaces over the feminisation of public spaces in its advocacy
				OG $stats 3, 0, 3, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1, 1, 5
				CG $stats 3, 1, 3, 0
				CO $stats 1, 5, 0, 1
				The masculinisation of private spaces refers to efforts to involve men in private life tasks (housework, care system, etc.).
				The feminisation of public spaces refers to efforts to involve women in public life (taking positions of power, joining the work force, etc.).
		R3
			THR the trend of minimalism
				OG $stats 0, 2, 2, 3
				OO $stats 2, 2, 3, 0
				CG $stats 2, 2, 1, 2
				CO $stats 3, 1, 1, 2
				Minimalism is a lifestyle that involves getting rid of unnecessary things and living with only what is truly essential.
		GF
			THS Japanese Universities implementing international tuition
				OG $stats 1, 0
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				Many countries, most notably the United States, implement a differential tuition model for higher education where international students pay substantially more than their domestic counterparts  (International tuition) . This disparity is especially pronounced in public universities, where it is not uncommon for tuition fees for international students to be as much as four times higher than those for in-state students.
		Rainy GF
			TH, as Elsa, W accept the request from Anna
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				In Frozen (the movie), Elsa, the newly crowned Queen of Arendelle, accidentally revealed her magical ice powers and fled into the mountains, escaping from the kingdom. Anna, her younger sister, chased after Elsa and requested her to come back to the kingdom. Although Anna is loyal to her sister, they have grown emotionally distant after years of separation, due to Elsa accidentally using her powers on Anna once. This has led to their bond being strained and uncertain.
	Sun Sun Cup 2024 (10.12)
		R1
			THW ban zoo
				OG $stats 0, 2, 2, 2
				OO $stats 3, 2, 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 1, 2, 2
				CO $stats 2, 1, 2, 1
		R2
			THBT feminist movement should embrace misandry
				OG $stats 0, 3, 0, 3
				OO $stats 5, 1, 0, 0
				CG $stats 1, 2, 1, 2
				CO $stats 0, 0, 5, 1
		R3
			THR the cult of productivity
				OG $stats 1, 2, 1, 2
				OO $stats 3, 2, 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 1, 2, 2
				CO $stats 1, 1, 3, 1
		GF
			THW abolish the current Japanese emperor system and choose emperor by lottery among all citizens
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
		Rookie GF
			THP this brilliant world over the real world
				OG $stats 1, 0
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				There exists a brilliant world. There are several features that differ from the real world that we currently live in.
				1) In this world, humans are manufactured by the government in fermentation jars from when they are fertilized eggs. People who are randomly selected become the donor of the egg. The system is normalized and to have your own children is regarded as disgusting and primitive.
				2) There exists a social class system, and their class is predetermined before their birth. Some people are born to lead the state and manage people, while others are born to do physical labor under harsh environments. They are genetically adjusted to have suitable physical ability and intelligence, and they receive prenatal education so that they never question their environment and status.
				3) There exists a drug called "soma", which removes pain or anxiety and never causes resistance. People are prescribed this pill for free, and can take them at any moment. People are happy! Yay!
	Sun Sun Cup 2023 (10.21)
		R1
			THW ban hostile architecture in public spaces
				Hostile architecture prevents people from being in comfortable positions for extended periods of time. (I.E. Smaller benches, spiky walkways)
				It is designed to prohibit inhabitation or vandalism for safer areas or the promotion of local businesses. it also makes it hostile to elderly people, people with disabilities, and other such vulnerable groups.
		R2
			TH, as the Ainu, would stage Violent riots against the local authorities instead of pursuing peaceful empowerment
				The Ainu are an indigenous community that mainly reside in hokkaido. The ainu face various hardships such as bullying at schools, discriminative admission policies in workplaces, and social ostracization.
				The Ainu have continuously requested local governments to return their ancestral homelands which are targets of urban development, but face rejection.
		R3
			TH, as the feminist movement, W actively oppose the idea of 'Joseinaradewanoshiten' and instead promote the idea that there is no difference between genders
				‘Joseinaradewanoshiten’ (女性ならではの視点) is the idea that women have unique social and biological qualities that fundamentally set them apart from men. Examples include higher emotional intelligence, care-giving abilities, or gender roles.
		GF
			TH, as the military general, W commit a coup
				You are the military general of a developing state. Due to the incompetence of the current regime, the country is in a state of unrest (i.e: economic instability, corruption, security failures). You, along with your comrades, find a golden opportunity to lay siege to the capital and capture the major political players.
		Moon GF
			TH, as you, W start taking "the brownie"
				You are an average level debater trying to lead a successful career. During your last year as a competitive debater, a skilled debater secretly tells you about an illegal performance enhancing drug called "the brownie". The illegal drug temporarily boost your debate skills, with the side effect being an insane addiction to debate competitions. The senpai tells you that all the top debaters take "the brownie" for some financial cost.
	Sun Sun Cup 2021 (10.23)
		R1:
			THW grant young quota for parliament in aging society
		R2:
			THBT actors from minority groups should not act as stereotypical characters of their own groups
		R3:
			THW not use public money on life extending medical care for people over certain age
		GF:
			THBT people should have non-scientific way of understanding the world. (religion, myth, fortune telling, etc.)
		SGF:
			THR the glorification of objectivity in social discourse
				Being objective in social discourse refers to putting strong emphasis on truth independent from individual subjectivity (bias caused by one's perception, emotions, or imagination).