Australian Intervarsity Debating Championships (Easters)
	Macquarie | UTS Easters 2023
		R1
			That we should vocationalise teaching
				Balance $stats 6, 6, 30
				Veto $stats 16, 0, 60
				For the purposes of this debate, vocationalised jobs do not require university degrees but may require apprenticeships, traineeships or non-university training.
			That students from financially disadvantaged backgrounds should be given a lower bar to qualify for academic special considerations (e.g., lower evidentiary standards for misadventure, longer time to submit applications)
				Balance $stats 7, 2, 30
				Veto $stats 6, 18, 60
			That we oppose universities suspending students who engage in disruptive protests
				Balance $stats 4, 5, 30
				Veto $stats 8, 12, 60
		R2
			That we support legalising commercial seed saving
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 30
				Veto $stats 14, 15, 59
				In many jurisdictions, governments, trade regulations, and contracts between farmers and seed production companies restrict farmers from selling, distributing and replanting the seeds of plants from previous harvests. These restrictions may be in force as part of various regulatory frameworks including intellectual property, biosecurity, and biodiversity regulations.
			That news reports on environmental damage should include visceral and distressing audiovisual material wherever possible (e.g., destruction of human and animal life)
				Balance $stats 7, 6, 30
				Veto $stats 7, 10, 59
			That Australian environmentalists should advocate for stricter fuel efficiency standards in vehicles rather than electric vehicle subsidies
				Balance $stats 5, 7, 30
				Veto $stats 8, 5, 59
		R3
			That the United States Navy Marine Mammal Program is immoral
				Balance $stats 6, 4, 30
				Veto $stats 15, 6, 60
				The United States Navy Marine Mammal Program trains sea lions (for their perfect sight in darkness and superb directional hearing) and bottlenose dolphins (for their unrivalled echolocation that can detect differences between metals) for military purposes.
			That we oppose sports media coverage of female athletes that focuses on their physical appearance or personal lives rather than their athletic achievements
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 30
				Veto $stats 0, 24, 60
			That, as a monogamous young adult, we would prefer to build our life with a partner who works in the same industry as us rather than someone with a significantly different career
				Balance $stats 8, 7, 30
				Veto $stats 15, 0, 60
		R4
			That we support memory laws
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 30
				Veto $stats 17, 10, 60
				Memory laws are laws governing the interpretation of historical events (e.g., the European Union’s ban on genocide denial; Israel’s ‘Nakba Law’, which fines bodies that mark Israel’s Independence Day as a day of mourning).
			That secular democracies with substantial religious communities should not allow separate legal systems for those communities (e.g., Syariah Law, Canon Law)
				Balance $stats 9, 6, 30
				Veto $stats 10, 8, 60
			That we should ban media reports on hostage situations involving terrorists
				Balance $stats 2, 10, 30
				Veto $stats 3, 12, 60
		R5
			That prestigious entertainment industry awards should have entirely transparent decision-making processes
				Balance $stats 8, 3, 30
				Veto $stats 5, 13, 60
				Examples of prestigious entertainment industry awards include the Emmys, Grammys, Oscars, and Tonys. The decision-making processes of these awards are often undisclosed to the public and can include: appointments to and composition of voting committees, nomination processes, votes cast by voting committees, and any criteria with which art is evaluated.
			That we should ban under 18s from engaging in K-Pop idol training contracts
				Balance $stats 10, 5, 30
				Veto $stats 1, 11, 60
				Aspiring K-pop idols, known as 'trainees', sign contracts with management agencies when the trainee is sometimes as young as 12. It can take up to ten years of training before a trainee makes their stage debut.
			That it is in the interests of media outlets in nascent democracies to give the state a right of reply
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 30
				Veto $stats 24, 6, 60
				The right of reply refers to the right to defend oneself against public criticism in the same venue that published the criticism.
		R6
			That resource-backed loans to developing nations do more harm than good
				Balance $stats 5, 6, 30
				Veto $stats 12, 8, 60
				Resource-backed loans give debtor countries access to capital in exchange for or collateralised by future streams of income from their natural resource wealth.
			That charities that service the same cause should be required to amalgamate
				Balance $stats 2, 7, 30
				Veto $stats 16, 4, 60
			That we should ban workplace productivity surveillance software
				Balance $stats 8, 2, 30
				Veto $stats 2, 18, 60
		OF
			That we oppose industry-specific prostitution regulations
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 1, 3, 16
				Examples of industry-specific prostitution regulations include the requirements that sex workers: undergo regular counseling (Germany); prove HIV-negative status (Senegal); are unmarried (Greece); are cisgender (Turkey). In some jurisdictions, sex workers are criminalised for failing to abide by these regulations. Industry-specific regulations do not include general labour regulations such as workplace health & safety or anti-discrimination protections.
			That feminists should adopt the New Rules narrative rather than the Wilful Ignorance narrative
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 4, 3, 16
				The 'New Rules' narrative proposes that men’s understanding of the nature and importance of consent to sex has radically changed as a result of feminist activism. The 'Wilful Ignorance' narrative proposes that men have always been largely aware of the nature and importance of consent to sex.
			That we oppose messaging (e.g. signs, posters, chants, clothing) at feminist protests that depicts or references biological sex characteristics
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 16
		QF
			That we should allow the use of chemical castration as a form of sentencing for all sex-related crimes
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 8
				Chemical castration involves the use of anaphrodisiac drugs that reduce libido and sometimes reproductive capacity. Chemical castration can be reversible or irreversible.
			That individuals who display neurodivergent traits should be given a diagnosis regardless of how severely those traits impact their lives
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 8
			That, assuming feasibility, we should base the prescription of pain medication and anaesthesia on academic studies of the pain caused by a condition or procedure, rather than on individual patients' perceptions of pain
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
		SF
			That we support COPEC
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				Ghana and Ivory Coast produce 60% of the world's cocoa. In 2018 they jointly established the cocoa cartel known as COPEC, with the aim of raising cocoa prices.
			That it is in Serbia's interest to withdraw its application for EU membership
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
			That it is in Qatar's interest to grant every worker within its borders substantial and modern labour rights
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
		GF
			That we prefer a world with Artificial Persona technology
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				An Artificial Persona (AP) is a form of artificial intelligence trained exclusively on data derived from an individual's brain. From this data, the AP learns the individual's persona (including their intellect, memories, personality and preferences) with 85% accuracy. The AP then responds to stimuli and solves problems in ways the individual would be likely to. The AP's primary goal is to accurately replicate the individual's current persona. Individuals can choose to have their data uploaded into the AP once per year. The AP is purely digital but can generate lifelike video, audio, and written material in the style of the individual it is based upon.
			That US police departments should hire significantly more police officers
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That Palestinian political activists should advocate for the integration of Palestinian Nakba refugees and their descendants into neighbouring Arab states over a right of return
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
	Australian Online Intervarsity Debating Championships 2021
		R1
			That we should allow prisoners to volunteer for socially utile but undesirable activities in exchange for a lighter sentence (e.g. experimental drug trials, military service, hard labour)
			That we prefer a world in which those accused of crimes remain completely anonymous to the public unless they receive a guilty verdict
			That we prefer judges to absolutely respect wills rather than intervene to correct perceived inequities
		R2
			That we prefer sports leagues with fewer teams that have a greater concentration of talented players to leagues with more teams but a greater dilution of talented players
			That sporting clubs should be majority-owned by the local communities they represent
			That we support strong norms encouraging children to highly prioritise the pursuit of excellence in competitive hobbies (e.g. debating, netball, e-sports)
		R3
			That we should redraw electoral boundaries to eliminate safe seats/districts as far as possible.
			That, as the progressive movement, we would oppose censorship by social media companies (e.g. Spotify and Facebook)
			That we should force politicians to entirely rely upon public services during their time in office (e.g. public transport, public housing, public education)
		R4
			That we should abolish academic tenure
				Academic tenure is a type of academic appointment in universities where an academic's employment cannot be terminated except in exceptional circumstances (e.g. a crime, a serious breach of duties, the university being unable to pay them). It is usually granted to senior academics.
			That we should have distinct teaching professionals teach at universities rather than professors
				Professors in universities are generally tasked to conduct original research as well as teach at universities. Professors do not need any teaching qualifications but are experts in their field of research.
			That we support bonded government scholarships in developing countries.
				Bonded scholarship programmes in places like Singapore and Malaysia facilitate the ability of students to study abroad at elite universities. These programs are paid for by the state in return for the student being "bonded" to work for the state for a given period of time (3, 5, 10 years). Students may be bonded to specific departments or just bonded in general. It is possible for students to occasionally default on their bond and pay back the cost of education at a large premium.
		R5
			That democracies should hold elections immediately post-COVID.
				'Post-COVID' refers to a near future where a country no longer bears a likely risk of community transmission. This is generally achieved upon mass circulation of a COVID vaccine.
			That, as China, we would impose economic sanctions on Myanmar.
				When Myanmar was ruled by the military junta, China was a backer of it in many ways during Western sanctions, including by being the military’s largest arms supplier. However, the military suspected Beijing’s involvement in financing numerous rebel groups in Myanmar, and fears of territorial conflict with China contributed to the junta’s decision to partly democratize in 2011. After Aung San Suu Kyi became State Counselor in 2016, her party, the NLD, cultivated a close relationship with China due to the CCP’s outreach to them, inviting NLD officials on nationwide tours and enabling Myanmar’s participation in the Belt and Road Initiative. In the aftermath of the 2021 coup that deposed Suu Kyi, China has faced significant backlash from the common public in Myanmar due to its unwillingness to condemn the coup like other countries (including the Biden administration, which has signalled an intent to impose economic sanctions).
			That states should actively discourage self-segregation of immigrant/ethnic/religious communities
		R6
			That progressives in Australia should not support the Greens' hung parliament strategy
				A "hung parliament" means that no single party has gained a majority of seats at the election and therefore cannot form government without other parties joining them. While common overseas, they are rare in Australia. The Australian Greens recently announced their "hung parliament strategy" for the next federal election. The main parts of this strategy include: a) Advocating to voters the benefits of a hung parliament and how it could be likely to oust the Liberal & National Parties from power b) aggressively targetting 9 Lower House seats (5 Labor-held and 4 Liberal-held) in order to gain the balance of power in the Lower House and force a hung parliamentary c) Targetting Labor voters and trying to force the Labor party into minority government with the Greens so they can exert influence on policy
			That we, as the Liberal Party, would introduce a meaningful quota for women running in winnable seats
			That Australia should give temporary work visa holders the right to vote
		Open Octo-Finals
			That the feminist movement should encourage women to avoid feminine linguistic behaviours (e.g. uptalk, low modality language)
				Many linguistic and behavioural tics are considered feminine. These include uptalk, where women speak with a rising inflection, low modality language and heavy! use!! of exclamation points!!! and emojis :)). Career advice for young women often suggests trying to avoid these tics in order to be taken seriously in the workplace and society broadly.
			That, as the feminist movement, we would encourage women to reject acts of chivalry (e.g. men buying drinks, holding doors open, "ladies first")
			That the state should offer a wage to primary domestic caretakers
		Open QF
			That the perception of being a 'model minority' has brought more harms than benefits to the Asian diaspora in Western nations
			That we would support a dominant narrative in society that there exists a soulmate for everyone
			That the government should force all religious charities to strictly avoid religious messaging in their charity activity
		Open SF
			That developing nations should introduce policies to heavily discourage the development of monarch cities
				"Monarch cities" are cities in which a vast proportion of a nation's capital and economic activity is centralised. Examples include Dublin, Athens, Vienna, Budapest, and Cairo.
			That we should abolish Greenfield agreements
				A Greenfield agreement is an agreement made between a union and a new employer, which does not yet have employees. This means that the future employees of that company effectively have no say in the conditions of their employment. Currently, under the Fair Work Act, unions cannot legally take industrial action during the negotiation of Greenfield agreements,
			That the Australian government should enact a job guarantee
				A job guarantee is an unconditional job offer at a minimum wage made by the government to anyone willing and able to work.
		Open Finals
			That we support the introduction of kakistocratic courts in Western Liberal Democracies.
				"For the purposes of this debate, a 'kakistocratic court' is a court that determines whether politicians are fit to govern. These courts would operate similarly to, but outside of, existing legal systems. They would only have the power to strip individuals of the right to hold or run for office. They would not be able to issue any other punishments. These courts would not make judgments about an individual's character or competency, but rather would assess on the balance of probabilities whether individuals had committed acts that would disqualify them from the ability to govern. The list of these acts might include currently criminalised behaviour but could also include other acts that are not currently criminalised.
			That we regret the existence of war memorial days (e.g. ANZAC Day, Remembrance Day, Vietnam Veterans Day)
			That, when dealing with historically dis-privileged groups, we prefer economic reparations (e.g. direct payments, community investment, reappropriation of industry) to political reparations (e.g. additional vote-weighting, quotas in parliament, granting of autonomous control over land)
	
	UNSW Easters 2019
		Octofinals
			That we regret Operation Car Wash
				Operation Car Wash was an extensive investigation into political corruption in Brazil. The investigation uncovered extensive money laundering and bribery at Petrobras, a semi-public Brazilian petrol company. As a result of the investigation the left-leaning Workers' Party lost power, and the President, Dilma Rousseff (also a member of the Workers' Party) was impeached and removed from power. Jair Bolsonaro, a far-right politician, was elected President in 2018.
			That the public should be given the power to pardon/give amnesty to whistleblowers via referendums
			That, as a Rohingya Muslim fleeing the Myanmer military, we would join ARSA
				The Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) emerged in October 2016 when it attacked three police outposts in various townships in Myanmar, killing nine police officers. ARSA says it is fighting on behalf of more than 1 million Rohingya Muslims, who have been denied their most basic rights, includig citizenship. Arsa has armed and safly evacuated a significant number of Rohingya from the stat of Rakhine in Myanmar.
				The Myanmer authorities, however, say that they are Muslim "terrorists" who want to impose Islamic rule. Amnesty International has published reports detailing the massacres and brutalities done by ARSA on the military and townships that strongly support the government.
	Sydney Easters 2018
		Round 1
			That Australia should abolish its state governments.
			That we should allow binding citizen-initiated plebiscites.
				A binding citizen-initiated plebiscite is a national vote which, if it passes, directly changes the law, without the need for approval by parliament. They are initiated by voters.
			That we should appoint the Senate by random lottery.
		Round 2
			That, when funding or approving research, we should not consider whether it is potentially controversial.
				Academic research is usually funded by either universities or government research councils. If research is considered likely to be controversial (for example if it relates to areas such as sex differences in intelligence or radical political theory), it may be less likely to receive funding.
			That we should abolish all exit rankings of high school students (e.g. the ATAR).
			That universities should financially compensate students who have tried, but been unable, to gain employment in a field relevant to their studies within 5 years of graduation.
		Round 3
			That judges should not consider victim impact statements or character evidence in sentencing.
			That we should ban plea bargains in criminal trials.
				A plea bargain is where an accused criminal is offered a more lenient sentence in exchange for pleading guilty and forgoing a trial.
			That women around the world should not be taxed.
				UNICEF estimates that women do 66% of the world’s work for less than 10% of its income.
		Round 4
			That we regret the decline of gaybourhoods.
				Gaybourhoods are urban areas with generally recognised boundaries that unofficially form a social centre for LGBT people (eg. Castro in San Francisco, the Greenwich Village in New York, Newtown in Sydney). They are less common and exclusive than has historically been the case.
			That, as a parent, we would actively encourage our child to invest in their appearance and physical attractiveness.
			That we would prefer a world where sex and love are viewed and conceived of as separate.
		Round 5
			That charities should not host events that require participants to emulate the experiences of those for whom they are raising money (eg. 40 Hour Famine, CEO Sleep Out, Live Below the Line)
			That the Left should use the tactic of doxxing alt-right/nazi sympathisers.
				Doxxing is the practice of publicly exposing an individual’s personal details and/or details of their behaviour.
			That we should remove all legal restrictions on the right of workers to strike.
				There are legal restrictions on the right to strike. They include (but are not limited to) that it is illegal to strike if you are an emergency service worker, if it is not during enterprise bargaining negotiations, if the relevant industrial tribunal has not approved it, and if the strike is in protest of national or state laws regarding workers’ rights or living standards (as compared to your specific workplace). Employees are not paid while on strike.
		Round 6
			That we should allow doctors to prescribe placebos for the treatment of symptoms without informing their patient that they are placebos.
				Placebos are imitation versions of a medical treatment, which do not contain the active ingredient or correct procedure of the treatment (for example, a “sugar pill” instead of Paracetamol, the active ingredient in Panadol). They have been shown to psychologically affect a patient, often mimicking the impact of the active ingredient. A symptom is something a patient feels as a result of a condition (eg. pain, anxiety, distress) as opposed to the condition itself (eg. an infection or disease).
			That, assuming the players are fully informed of the risk, we support the right of athletes to play violent sports (eg. NFL/GridIron, Boxing).
			That we should ban rehabilitation and/or recovery service providers from including religious beliefs as part of their treatment.
		Octofinals
			That developing nations should adopt near-0% corporate tax rates.
			That we should abolish the requirement to prove an ongoing connection to land in Native Title claims.
				Native Title is the legal recognition within the Australian legal system of the traditional rights and interests of Indigenous Australians in land. Native Title is only recognised if the claimant can prove an ‘ongoing connection’ to the land in question. When Native Title is recognised, this does not always result in the relevant Indigenous group being granted land rights or control over that land.
			That Western nations which militarily intervene in a state should take a significant number of refugees from that state.
		Quarterfinals
			That families and/or doctors should be allowed to involuntarily commit individuals that express violent intentions even when they have no other mental health disturbance.
				At the moment, individuals can only be involuntarily committed to psychiatric care if they have a diagnosed mental health condition and are presenting severe symptoms (eg. suicide risk, mania, extreme delusions.
			That we would prefer a world without empathy.
				Empathy is the emotional response/ability to adopt the feelings and experiences of another. It is not the rational consideration of those things.
			That we should refocus history to emphasise the wrong-doings and moral failings of historical figures to an equal or greater extent than their positive contributions.
				There is extensive evidence that Mahatma Ghandi sexually exploited young women, including his great niece. // Mother Theresa denied medically necessary abortion, likely mismanaged large amounts of money, and allegedly kept patients in pain as “the world gains much from their suffering”. // Winston Churchill directed the British government to export food out of India during the Bengal famine of 1943, in which 3 million Indians died of starvation. // Thomas Jefferson owned slaves and serially raped one of them, Sally Hemings.
		Semifinals
			That Australia should legalise and reward bounty hunting.
				A bounty hunter is someone who locates and captures criminals and other people accused of crimes, in exchange for a monetary award – a bounty. They are not a member of law enforcement. Bounty hunting is illegal in Australia but legal in some states in the US.
			That we should abolish the recidivist premium and provide a sentencing discount to offenders with criminal records.
				Most jurisdictions impose a ‘recidivist premium’ on offenders who have previously committed a crime, which increases the severity and/or length of their sentence.
			That we should force symbolic death penalty states to carry out a prisoner’s death sentence at that prisoner’s request.
				Nevada has only 1000 prisoners on death row, but has executed only 22 people in the last 40 years. Such states are referred to as ‘symbolic death penalty states’.
		Grand Final
			That progressives should abandon the rhetoric of the lottery of birth.
			That we regret the popularisation of performance and skills previously associated with sex work (eg. Pole Dancing, Burlesque Strip Tease).
			That we support the use of violence as a tactic for fighting oppression.
	Wollongong Easters 2017
		Round 1
			That, as a socially conservative Coalition Member of Parliament, we would join Cory Bernardi’s Australian Conservatives Party
			That, as the Labor Party, we would remove Bill Shorten as the leader before the next Federal election.
			That we should implement a quota for Indigenous Australians in Federal Parliament
		Round 2
			That we support juries returning a verdict of not guilty when they believe the defendant is technically guilty but that a conviction would be unjust
			That non-violent crimes committed by a significant proportion of the population (e.g. internet piracy, jaywalking, possession of marijuana, etc.) should be automatically decriminalised
			That we regret the rise of shows (eg. Serial, Making a Murderer) that undertake detailed investigations into criminal cases
		Round 3
			That the Government should tax companies’ use of technology that is replacing human labour
			That we should allow young people to opt out of specific protections of workers’ rights when applying for jobs (eg. minimum wage, maximum working hours, penalty rates)
			That the Australian Government should focus on increasing accessibility and reliability of rental properties (eg. long-term leases, greater protections for tenants), rather than on the accessibility of home ownership
		Round 4
			That we regret the argument of identity politics that you only have a politically legitimate position on an issue if you are a member of the affected group
			This House regrets the dominance of sex-positive feminism
			That we should force sporting leagues that have both male and female competitions to pay the players equally regardless of gender
		Round 5
			That we should allow patients to access treatments which have passed safety trials, but have not been proven to be effective
			That the cashless debit card should be expanded to all welfare recipients in Australia
			That we should remove all legal protections on the confessional seal
		Round 6
			That centrist US media outlets should actively combat the notion of American exceptionalism
			That, as a progressive person or organisation, we would not advise or support the Trump campaign in any capacity
			That, as China, we would aggressively sanction North Korea
		Octofinals
			That we support the hacking and release of confidential information as a form of protest
			That we regret the mainstream value of civility in public discourse (eg. the ideal that activists avoid anger and emotion)
			That we should celebrate and encourage narratives of the queer community as promiscuous
		Quarterfinals
			That the European Union should pursue the harshest possible deal for the UK during Brexit
			That we should allow states to pay other states to relocate and resettle refugees
			That we regret the West’s idolisation of Aung San Suu Kyi as a political leader
		Semifinals
			That we regret the social fetishisation of hard work
			That we should abolish all occupational licensing
			That we should never criminalise speech
		Grand Final
			That, in a world where artificial wombs and contraception have been perfected, we should criminalise natural pregnancy
			That the control of all popular social media content selection algorithms should be transferred to an independent public regulator
			That we should cease all research into artificial intelligence
	UQ(University of Queensland) Easters 2009
		Round 1: Children
			That we should prohibit international adoption.
			That children should not be allowed to work in the modeling industry.
			That we should allow corporate sponsorship of schools.
		Round 2: Disasters
			That the state should refuse to assist in rebuilding areas prone to extreme weather events.
			That convicted child arsonists should go to conferencing sessions with victims rather than juvenile detention.
			That we should abolish the right to stay and defend during bushfires.
		Round 3: Sex
			That the use of condoms in pornography should be mandatory.
			That anonymous sperm donation should be abolished.
			That people should not be allowed to have sex with virtual children in online games.
		Round 4: Sponsored by UBS
			That government stimulus packages should not include cash handouts.
			That the implementation of Australia’s carbon emissions trading scheme should be postponed.
			That the minimum wage should be frozen during times of recession.
		Round 5: International Relations
			That the Unites States should stop giving all forms of aid to Israel.
			That Western governments should stop China from buying their natural resource companies.
			That we should remove all sanctions on North Korea.
		Round 6: Minorities, homosexuals and women
			That nightclubs should not be able to exclude people on the basis of sexuality.
			That we should make welfare payments to indigenous parents contingent on their children’s attendance at school.
			That custody of children born to young teenage mothers should go to the grandparents.
		Octo Finals: Civics
			That all citizens should be required to complete a set amount of community service every year.
			That we should require migrants to pass an exam before granting them citizenship.
			That citizens should be able to recall their government at any time.
		Quarter Finals: Finance
			That the government should limit the amount of debt that corporations can have on their balance sheets.
			That the US government should take back executive bonuses paid by companies that have received a bail-out.
			That we should restrict poor people’s access to credit.
		Semi Finals: Health
			That we should ban homosexual re-education camps.
			That insurance companies should be able to obtain DNA tests from those applying for coverage.
			That it should be an offence for people to fail to have regular medical check-ups.
		Grand Final: Law and Order
			That we should criminalize membership of bikie gangs.
			That indigenous people convicted of a crime should be sentenced traditionally by their own community.
			That the media should not be allowed to identify criminal suspects before they go to trial.
	Sydney Easters 2007
		Round 1
			That we should introduce performance based pay for teachers.
			That the government should only fund the compulsory years of education.
			That we should ban home schooling.
		Round 2
			That we would put an end to plea-bargaining.
			That we would prevent criminals from publishing accounts of their crimes.
			That we would stop the extradition of criminals to the US until Guantanamo Bay is shut down.
		Round 3
			That the Australian Government should pay for a national broadband network.
			That governments have an obligation to protect iconic national companies from foreign ownership.
			That we should ban character assassination in political advertising.
		Round 4
			That Western governments should support violent dissident groups in dictatorships.
			That religious organizations should not be involved in the provision of foreign aid.
			That we would create separate independent states for the ethnic groups of Iraq.
		Round 5
			That Australia should introduce Anti-Social Behaviour Orders (ASBOs).
			That doctors should be compelled to report suspected instances of domestic violence.
			That the state should take custody of morbidly obese children.
		Round 6
			That we would establish international protectorates over environmentally significant areas.
			That all new buildings should be required to generate their own power.
			That car manufacturers should be held liable for the environmental damage caused by their vehicles.
		Octo Finals
			That failure to disclose a sexually transmitted disease to a sexual partner should be a criminal offence.
			That we would not allow the prescription of anti-depressants to children.
			That the government should fund unlimited cycles of IVF.
		Quarter Finals
			That we would use military force to oust Robert Mugabe.
			That we would support independence for Kosovo.
			That the world should lift the sanctions on the Palestinian Authority.
		Semi Finals
			That vitamins and food supplements should be subject to the same approval and testing requirements as over-the-counter pharmaceuticals.
			That intellectual property rights should not be enforced in the developing world.
			That we would abolish the minimum wage.
		Grand Final
			That the permanent members of the UN Security Council should dismantle their nuclear arsenals.
			That we should impose a radical tax to eliminate our reliance on oil.
			That the US should give up its security guarantee for Taiwan.
	UWA(University of Western Australia) Westers 2005
		Round 1: Education
			That the government should have a greater focus on TAFE education.
			That we should impose higher English standards on international students.
			That we should have a national standardised secondary syllabus.
		Round 2: Sport
			That we should remove salary caps.
			That teams with hooligan fans should play behind closed doors.
			That performance-enhancing drugs have a place in sport.
		Round 3: Social Issues
			That publicly ‘outing’ gay celebrities, helps the gay cause.
			That parents should not have the right to refuse treatment for their child on religious grounds.
			That childhood obesity should be treated as child abuse.
		Round 4: Politics
			That the Prime Minister should have a fixed term.
			That we would outlaw political donations by corporations.
			That we should give criminals the right to vote.
		Round 5: War and Terror
			That the US should be forced to pay compensation to families of civilian casualties.
			That we would bring Hicks home.
			That Mamdouh Habib should be compensated.
		Octo Finals
			That the US should cease supporting Saudi Arabia.
			That we would support US air strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities.
			That George Bush’s intelligence is a global threat.
		Quarter Finals
			That we should agree to a Australia-China FTA.
			That we should empower the WHO to limit mobility in times of epidemic disease.
			That we would employ women as foreign diplomats to countries where women are second class citizens.
		Semi Finals
			That we believe that heterosexuals make better parents.
			That the Courts need to condemn more and understand less.
			That HIV positive workers should tell their employers of their status.
		Grand Final
			That the Iraqi government should seek direction from the Koran.
			That tsunami relief should be tied aid.
			That Taiwan should declare independence now.
		Joke Round
			That the problem with political jokes is that they mostly get elected.
			That a woman’s intelligence is proportional to the length of her skirt.
			That Casey Donovan is a poor Australian idol.
	UNSW(University of New South Wales) Easters 2004
		Round 1
			That we should pay Asylum seekers to go home.
			That the Australian Dollar should be pegged to the Euro.
			That we should support David Hicks and Marmoudh Habib.
		Round 2
			That car pooling should be compulsory.
			That the Tasmanian Government should lose the right to permit logging.
			That high rise development spells the end of Australian Cities.
		Round 3
			That we should segregate genetically modified products in retail stores.
			That parents should have a right to choose the gender of their children.
			That exploration of Mars is an exercise in stupidity.
		Round 4
			That we should offer tax incentives for individuals who become proficient in English.
			That smokers should be refused medicare.
			That we should put the Doggies on a leash.
		Round 5
			That we should legalise gay marriage.
			That organ donation should be mandatory.
			That we should jail people who fail to disclose STD’s before intercourse.
		Octo Finals
			That Saddam Hussein should be tried in a US military Court.
			That we should offer immunity for information to Al Qaeda members.
			That the assassination of political leaders can be justified.
		Quarter Finals: Australian Politics
			That the media is mightier than the parliament.
			That the Greens are the future of Australian politics.
			That we should abolish the states.
		Semi Finals: Indigenous Affairs
			That the Redfern riots were long overdue.
			That we should dissolve ATSIC.
			That we should guarantee indigenous people a place at university.
		Grand Final: Law & Order
			That imprisonment should be mandatory for white-collar crime.
			That DNA evidence should have no weight.
			That we should elect the Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia.