APU Philosophy Challenge
	APU Philosophy Challenge 2018
		Round 1
			THBT individuals have a moral obligation to not reproduce 
		Round 2
			In countries where healthcare is freely accessible, THW make it mandatory for patients with terminal illnesses to participate in experimental treatment
		Round 3
			As an Asian individual born and raised in Asia, THW reject representation by Asians born and raised in the West
		Round 4
			Assuming a world in which material happiness and non-material happiness are distinct, the technology exists where non-material happiness can be commodified. THW allow individuals to sell non-material happiness
		Pre-Semis
			THBT states should freely distribute hallucinogenic drugs 
		Semis
			THR the Institution of State 
		Finals
			THR the Glorification of Life
	APU Philosophy Challenge 2017
		Round 1
			THW pull the lever.
				There is a runaway trolley barreling down the railway track ahead. On the tracks, there are some chimpanzees tied up, unable to move. The trolley is headed straight for them. You are standing some distance off in the train yard, next to a lever. If you pull this lever, the trolley will switch to a different set of tracks. However, you notice that there is a human baby on the other set of tracks.
		Round 2
			THBT Nudge policies are incompatible with a free democratic society
				Nudge theory (or nudge) is a concept in behavioral science, political theory and economics which proposes positive reinforcement and indirect suggestions to try to achieve non-forced compliance to influence the motives, incentives and decision making of groups and individuals. Examples of nudge policies include providing financial incentives to encourage healthy lifestyles, sin tax etc, compulsory organ donations upon death with an opt out motion.
		Round 3
			THR the dominant narrative that suffering and struggle are prerequisites to reward and happiness
		Round 4
			As someone who just came into contact with an isolated tribe, THW aggressively eliminate any attempts at introducing the modern world to the tribe.
				You are an explorer in the Amazon Jungle travelling with a companion, and have observed an isolated tribe that has never made contact with the modern world. They have a simple life of hunting and gathering, their technology is limited to the requirements of their lifestyle. You have deduced that their infant mortality rate is high and their average life expectancy is 25 years). Your companion wishes to bring their situation to the attention of the world, hoping to get aid organisations and governmental support in.
		Quarterfinals
			TH Rejects the golden rule as a desirable moral principle
				Islam: “None of you [truly] believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself." Number 13 of Imam, Al-Nawawi's Forty Hadiths. Christianity: "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets." Matthew 7:12, King James Version. Buddhism : "...a state that is not pleasing or delightful to me, how could I inflict that upon another?" Samyutta NIkaya v. 353 Hinduism: "This is the sum of duty: do not do to others what would cause pain if done to you." Mahabharata 5:1517 " For the purpose of this debate the golden rule is: “Do unto others as you would like them to do unto you”
		Semifinals
			THW choose to not believe in God
		Grand Final
			THW ban the transference of human consciousness into any AI, simulation and/or computers