Asian Schools Debate Championship
	ASDC 2021
		Round 1
			This House Believes That we should support the creation of children's literature which teaches that people are neither good nor evil
		Round 2
			This House Supports Helicopter Parenting (parents who oversee every aspect of their child's life constantly especially in school)
		Round 3
			This House Believes That Gotham would be safer if Batman abandoned his 'No Killing' rule
		Round 4
			This House Believes That the US President should not have the power to pardon US citizens for their crimes
		Quarterfinals
			This House Believes That developed nations should pay developing nations that have experienced significant negative effects from climate change
		Semifinals
			This House Would allow first-time offenders to, with the consent of the victims, pay compensation to victims instead of serving a prison sentence
		Grand Finals
			This house believes that feminist organisations should not criticize female politicians for their views on women's issues
	ASDC 2016
		R1: “Ban All”
			THW ban all advertisements targeted at children
			THW ban all religions
			THW ban All Hook-Up Platforms (e.g. Tinder, Grindr)
		R2: Feminism
			TH, as a feminist, would reject/condemn any laws created specifically in the name of women’s safety or protection.
			TH, as feminists, celebrates the rise of industries that feature women as purchasers of male sexuality (host-bars, macho-cafes, etc).
			As A Feminist, THW Reject FEMEN
				FEMEN is a feminist activist group intended to protect women’s rights. The organization became internationally known for organizing controversial topless protests against sex tourism, religious institutions, sexism, homophobia and other social, national and international topics. The organization describes itself as “fighting patriarchy in its three manifestations – sexual exploitation of women, dictatorship and religion” and has stated that its goal is “sextremism serving to protect women’s rights”.
		R3: It’s Only Fun If You Make It Fun
			In the event an alien invasion happens, THW give up our resources in exchange for assimilation into their planet.
			TH, as a time traveler, would go back, kidnap baby Hitler and place him in the custody of a Jewish family
			TH, as DC Comics, would reveal Superman to be Muslim
		R4: War
			TH supports a ‘scorched earth policy’ approach in combatting ISIS
				A scorched earth policy is a military strategy that targets anything that might be useful to the enemy while advancing through or withdrawing from an area. Specifically, all of the assets that are used or can be used by the enemy are targeted, such as food sources, transportation, communications, industrial resources, and even the people in the area. The practice can be carried out by the military in enemy territory, or in its own home territory. It may overlap with, but is not the same as, punitive destruction of the enemy’s resources, which is done for purely political reasons rather than strategic/operational reasons.
			THW manipulate individuals into escalating the war on terror
			In post conflict societies, THW recruit former rebels into the new government’s military in exchange for pardon
		R5: Pop Culture
			TH regrets the use of taboo shockers in popular TV and movie series
				A ‘taboo shocker’ is the use of extreme and graphic imagery in order to elicit shock and awe in viewers. (e.g. stabbing pregnant women and rape of teenagers in Game of Thrones)
			TH regrets movies and TV programmes that over-glorify villains (i.e. Hannibal, The Joker)
			THBT talent shows (e.g. American Idol) should not use their contestant’s deeply personal and tragic stories
		R6: Guilt
			THBT parents should refrain from using guilt to discipline their children
			TH regrets politicians resigning for incidents that they did not have direct responsibility over.
			THW actively de-emphasize the need for world leaders to apologize for the atrocities of their nations’ past
		Novice Pre-Semis/Open Quarters: North East Asia
			THBT the international community should pressure South Korea into not prioritizing North Korean defectors in their provision of refugee status
			THW launch an airstrike against the Yongbyon nuclear facility in North Korea
			THW actively stop China from creating islands in the South China Sea
		Novice Semis: Language & Education
			THW force all university graduates to be multi-disciplinary graduates
				Multidisciplinary graduates are individuals who graduate from universities with more than 1 specialization, preferably with specializations that complement one another.
			THW hire staff in all schools to take over all functions from teachers except the actual teaching of the curriculum
			TH supports the growing trend of culturally re-interpreting dominant languages to fit the community (e.g. Singlish/Manglish/Spanglish)
				A dominant language, in the context of this debate, refers to the main language of trade and communication used in the country. For instance, in most countries, this will be the English Language
		Open Semis: The Future
			Assuming that it is feasible, THW actively encourage private mining operations in space.
			THW ban virtual reality applications that simulate real-life relationships (in both their positive and negative aspects)
			THW allow individuals to cryogenically freeze themselves even if they are still alive.
				Cryogenic freezing is a type of freezing which requires extremely low temperatures, generally below -2380 F (-1500 C). By using cryogenic freezing, it is possible in theory to keep an object frozen indefinitely without any “aging” related loss in the object. Generally, cryogenic freezing is used to freeze living objects. It is a process developed to safely freeze and thaw living objects so they can be revived to the exact condition they were in when they entered the freezing process.
		Novice GF: United States of America
			As FEMA, THW pull disaster relief funds from states that endorse the denial of global warming
				The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. The agency’s primary purpose is to coordinate the response to disasters that have occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities.
			THW ban the depiction of violence in the promotion of police and army recruitment videos
			THBT Bernie Sanders should run as an independent candidate in the Presidential Elections
		Open GF: Discrimination
			TH supports Peter Thiel’s war against Gawker Media
				Gawker and its spinoffs (Jezebel, Deadspin, etc.) are known for controversial click-friendly news, and has published content both good (such as synthesizing the accusations against Bill Cosby) and objectionable (such as the outing of celebrities).
				Peter Thiel is a billionaire venture capitalist and hedgefund manager, who was outed in a Gawker article in Dec. 2007. He has since paid for lawsuits against Gawker, including the recent lawsuit by Terry Bollea (Hulk Hogan) which won the former wrestler $140 million.
			TH regrets the rise of alteration products and services targeted to alter one’s skin
			Assuming feasibility, THW no longer allow anonymity on the internet
	ASDC 2015
		R1: Freedom!
			THW ban the Confederate Flag from being displayed in public spaces.
			THR the rise of music streaming services (EG: Spotify)
			THBT obscenity laws should be equally applied to all genders.
		R2: Know your stuff
			THW abolish Lèse-majesté laws in Thailand
			THW require Japan to demolish the Yasukuni Shrine for the continued right to host the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics
			THBT progressive Malays should join the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) in order to effect change from the inside
		R3: You know nothing Jon Snow.
			THW financially incentivize students to major in fields where their gender has been traditionally underrepresented
			THW require all schools, public and private, to follow a state designed core curriculum
			THW require school populations to reflect the proportions of the different wealth demographics in their country
		R4: For God so loveth the world.
			THBT, on balance, the Catholic Church have done more harm than good in developing countries
			THW remove all tax exemptions granted to religious institutions
			THW prohibit the use of religion in electoral campaigns
		R5: I hope you have your matter file with you. Seriously.
			As a super human, THW submit to registration.
				This is 2016. Human beings with super powers exist among you. Some can fly, some have very powerful suits of armor, some are Asgardian gods, some are really patriotic, some have spider-like abilities, and some turn green. These superheroes go about life helping save the world from just-as-absurd situations including aliens, artificial intelligence, and World War II era Nazis. The US government has called for a registration act that would reveal secret identities, powers, and places where they live, to hold super humans accountable.
			As a medical community, THW breed and harvest apes and chimps.
				This is 2016. Research has shown that apes and chimps possess human-like intelligence. This was assisted with brain enhancing chemicals, originally intended to be a clinical trial for amnesia drugs. We have also found out that these animals possess hormones that can assist with neurological diseases. However, extracting them would entail pain and certain death for the ape/chimp.
			THBT you should change your appearance to advance your career.
				This is 2015. You are a rising singing talent in Korea. You have won many contests and have been offered different contracts by record labels who wish to sign you on. Of these, the most lucrative for your career is a label that also wants you to change your image. They would prefer you to undergo cosmetic surgery and wear more revealing clothing during performances.
		R6: ASEAN
			THBT ASEAN should welcome USA’s military presence in the South China Sea.
			THBT ASEAN should suspend the membership of Myanmar until it recognises the Rohingya as its citizens.
			THBT ASEAN states that are not signatories to the TPPA should pressure ASEAN states that are signatories/negotiating to withdraw from the agreement.
		Novice SF: People. People. People.
			THW give cities the full authority to accept and reject internal migrants.
			THW require all citizens, upon University graduation, to work in their countries of origin for a minimum of three years.
			THBT the state should financially incentivize people who have debilitating hereditary diseases to undergo sterilization.
		Novice GF: Give me rainbow cake or give me death! – Eddie Izzard (sort of)
			As the gay rights movement, THBT we should not employ the use of religious symbols in efforts to subvert oppressive authority structures (EG: Crucifixion of Gay Jesus, etc.)
			As the gay rights movement, THW advocate for the legalization of polyamorous relationships.
			As loving parents, THBT we should encourage our transgender children to hide their actual sex/ sexuality/ gender to avoid childhood discrimination
		Open QF: All is fair in love and war.
			THBT US should discontinue all military assistance & support to Saudi Arabia until it withdraws from Yemen.
			THBT Latin American countries currently in military conflicts with drug cartels should legalize all drugs.
			As the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran, THW recognize Israel.
		Open SF: You are fired. (Trump, 2015 & beyond)
			THBT multinational corporations that operate in developing countries should subject half the seats of its board of directors to democratic elections by the local populace.
			TH welcomes a Greek exit from the Eurozone.
			THW would make goverernments legally obliged to provide jobs to all unemployed citizens upon request.
		Open GF: To infinity and beyond.
			THBT the extinction of human beings is a moral outcome.
			If evidence on a method to gain eternal life was found, THW would destroy it.
			Assuming the technology exists, THW forcibly digitize the consciousness of Earth’s brightest minds.
	Motions for the 2014 Asian Schools Debating Championship in Malaysia
		R1: Education
			THW allocate school places solely on geographical proximity and not other criteria such as intelligence, ability or talent
			THS the creation of exclusive schools for students that identify as LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer/questioning)
			TH regrets the narrative in education that success in life is contingent on one’s level of academic achievement
		R2: Media
			THW ban all media reporting on suicides.
			THW remove all songs with anti-minority lyrics from public free-to-air radio.
			THBT peacekeeping forces should not be obligated to protect war correspondents behind enemy lines.
		R3: USA
			THBT the United States should not have engaged in a prisoner swap with the Taliban.
			THBT the United States should publicly extend support to the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood.
			THBT the United States should, given a choice between the two, focus on engaging India rather than China.
		R4: Race
			THW prevent dating websites and apps from allowing users to specify their racial preferences.
			THBT national police forces should implement quotas to reflect the nation’s racial diversity.
			THBT liberal democracies should grant minority races the ability to veto the implementation of nationwide policies.
		R5: Crime and Punishment
			In countries where prostitution is illegal, This House would charge the customers of prostitutes with rape.
			In order to prevent illegal logging and poaching, This House supports vigilante action.
			THW allow victims or victims’ families to veto the use of capital punishment when sentencing their aggressors, on grounds of religious objection.
		R6: Environment
			THW pay less-developed countries to preserve their forests.
			THW impose a sin tax on the consumption of meat.
			THBT developed countries, that were historically pollutive, have a moral obligation to give up part of their land to nations that will sink due to climate change (e.g. the Seychelles and the Maldives).
		R7: LGBTQ Rights
			In states where gay marriage is not yet legal, THBT it is better for the gay rights movement that openly gay people not enter into civil unions, until gay marriage is legalised.
			THBT the asexual movement is better off engaging in activism separately from, rather than together with the LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer/questioning) movement.
			THR a closeted Dumbledore.
		OF: Government
			Assuming the technology exists, THW allow soldiers to permanently remove their ability to experience fear.
			In countries where voting is compulsory and people only get one vote each, THBT people should be allowed to cast negative votes against candidates in elections.
			THBT it is legitimate for progressive politicians in conservative nations to lie about their political positions in order to get into power.
		Novice QF, Open QF: Economics
			THW subject CEOs (chief executive officers) of privatised public utilities and public transport companies, to regular national referenda on their performance.
			THW nationalise all pharmaceutical companies.
			THBT adopting a minimum wage for low-skilled workers is a better strategy for alleviating poverty, than subsidising skills upgrading courses.
		Novice SF: Women
			THBT First World feminists should not get involved in Third World feminists’ battles.
			THBT feminists should condemn female celebrities that choose to stay in abusive relationships.
			TH regrets dude feminism.
				Dude feminism is an attempt to attract men into the cause by saying that “real” men care about women’s issues (e.g. Real men do not rape)
		Novice GF, Open SF: Geopolitics
			TH regrets the reconciliation of Fatah and Hamas.
			THBT it is in China’s interest to take a hardline stance against North Korea rather than continue to support it.
			As the Thai military, THW not have taken over Thailand’s government through a coup d’état.
		GF: Religion
			TH regrets the emphasis on miracles in the spread of religion.
			THBT the LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer/questioning) movement should fund the creation of genderqueer interpretations of existing religious doctrine.
			THBT megachurches do more harm than good.
	2013 Asian Schools Debating Championships hosted by Claret School of Quezon City in the Philippines
		R1: Politics and governance
			THW make the salary of politicians equal to the per capita income of the country
			THBT believes that corporations should not be allowed to contribute to campaigns
			THW prefer a technocratic autocracy over a populist democracy
		R2: Religion
			THW compel religious adoption agencies to accept capable LGBT parents
			THBT Free Speech should include the right to offend religions
			THW remove all legal and economic privileges granted to religious organizations
		R3: Finance and Economics
			THW break up the big banks
			THBT home countries should not penalize is citizens/corporations for bribery in foreign states
			THBT multinational corporations have a duty to maintain a strong presence (majority of their industry) in their home countries
		R4: parents and children
			THBT parents should be given access to all password of their children’s social networking accounts
			THW pay teenagers/young individuals who do not get pregnant/impregnate before they graduate
			THW prevent parents from religiously indoctrinating their children
		R5: Rights
			THW force feed prisoners who go on Hunger strikes
			THBT welfare benefits should be contingent upon a drug test
			THW allow workers to sell their rights
		R6: What ifs
			In the face of Armageddon, THW fill the last boat (the last boat will survive) with seriously ill people instead of criminals
			Assuming we had the technology to detect homosexual genes, THW allow individuals to abort their gay fetuses
			THBT the government should actively invest in human beings to attain “Marvel Comic” powers
		R7: IR
			TH supports the disbandment of the EU
			THBT it’s high time for Palestine to absolutely lay down its arms in its quest for independence
			THBT the ICC should prosecute crimes against democracy (i.e. Massive electoral fraud and vote rigging, vote buying, suppression of the opposition, etc.)
		Open OF: Education
			THW abolish affirmative action criteria based on gender/ethnicity in university admissions
			THW stream (put them in one class) students based on their academic performance
			TH actively supports the move towards online degrees
		Open QF and Novice SF: Environment
			THBT environmentalists should exaggerate the effects of global warming
			THW subject the conviction or acquittal of environmental terrorists to a referendum
			THW prohibit developed nations from dumping toxic waste in developing nations
		Open SF: War
			THBT it should be the legal obligation of invading countries to pay for the reconstruction of occupied nations
			THW launch a full military invasion against North Korea
			THW try its citizens who commit acts of terrorism as enemy combatants
		Novice GF: Media and the arts
			THW rewrite Disney stories to account for political correctness
			THR the Hollywoodization of independent films (Hollywoodization: when Hollywood buys the rights over these films and when Hollywood actors star in them)
			THW prevent journalists from covering mass shootings in detail
		GF: Meta-debates
			THBT there is no such thing as animal cruelty
			THBT humanity is better off without sexual desires
			THBT God is nothing but a social construct
	1st ASDC 2009 at De La Salle University
		R1: EDUCATION
			THBT teacher’s pay should be based on student’s performance.
			THW allow schools to punish student’s by conducting public caning.
			THW ban the sale of Junk Food in Schools.
		R2: The Purple Rainbow
			THW disallow private Catholic Schools from firing homosexual teachers.
			THW include homosexuality in compulsory sex education programs in school.
			THW not allow openly gay individuals to hold key military positions.
		Joke Motions: The Toughest Race
			THBT South Korea should invade North Korea.
			THW ban Singapore from hosting the Youth Olympic Game in 2011.
			THBT the Philippines should merge all its islands together.
		R3: The Oriental Dragon
			THBT it is finally time to expel Myanmar from ASEAN.
			THBT America should remove its guarantee of military support for Taiwan.
			THBT Google should not participate in internet censorship in China.
		R4: Moral Dilemmas
			THBT parents should not decide on the sexual assignment of their intersexed infants.
			THBT police officers should not be allowed to entrap pedophiles.
			THW compel doctors to report signs of marital abuse.
		R5: Pop Culture
			TH regrets the popularity of films that parody the Holocaust.
			THBT record companies should make contract renewal of pop stars contingent on good conduct.
			TH condemns the unfair editing of reality TV shows.
		R6: Classic with a Twist
			THW extend the death penalty to minors.
			THBT convicted drunk drivers should be banned from drinking ever again.
			THW ban celebrities from running for elections.
		R7: Women
			THW decline fertility assistance to the poor.
			THBT the state should force men to provide child support for unwanted pregnancies.
			THBT liquor companies should not market their alcohol with women.
		OF: Health
			THW make fitness class optional in schools.
			THBT health insurance should also cover illegal immigrants.
			THW prevent religious institutions from influencing laws regarding health.
		QF: Military
			THBT parents have a right to enlist their children as freedom fighters against an oppressive state.
			THBT would not allow the military to offer scholarships as incentives to be enlisted.
			THBT Soldiers should be allowed to withdraw from fighting on religious grounds.
		SF: The Law
			THW ban the cross examination of a rape victim’s sexual history.
			THBT the state should appoint all expert witnesses.
			THBT a judge can exonerate an individual who
		GF
			THW deny non tax paying citizens the right to vote.