Assumption Thailand Debate Open
	ATDO 2016
		R1
			THW criminalize climate change denial.
			THBT environmental activists should never use violence as a strategy to forward their cause.
			THBT developed countries that were historically pollutive have a moral obligation to five up part of their land to nations that are rendered uninhabitable due to climate change.
		R2
			THW force media outlets to run as cooperatives.
			TH, as minorities, would boycott the Oscars.
			THBT author should remain silent on fans’ speculation regarding their published work.
		R3
			THBT states should fund the publication of revised and more moderate versions of religious scriptures.
			THW forbid political candidates from making the claims that they are “chosen by God”.
			THW ban all media outlets from reporting ISIS or ISIS related incidents.
		R4
			THR the dominant narrative of “good v.s. evil” in children’s literature.
			In underdeveloped countries, THW allow corporations to use child labor on the condition that they provide children with education.
			Assuming feasibility, THBT the state should raise all children. (Provision of food, shelter, education, etc.)
		R5
			You are a member of the LGBTQIA community voting in a national election. There are two candidates. The first candidate has consistently supported pro-LGBTQIA legislation, but is unlikely to win. The second has popular support, currently holds a pro-LGBTQIA position, but has advocated against LGBTQIA rights in the past. THW vote for the first candidate.
			THBT feminist movements should openly reject Taylor Swift as a feminist icon.
			In patriarchal societies, THW actively encourage a culture of  chivalry to achieve gender equality.
		R6
			THBT it is in the West’s interest to cease attempts to remove Assad from power.
			THBT the US should actively incite democratic unrest in China.
			THBT it is in China’s interest to support a coup d’etat by North Korean generals/high ranking officials to overthrow Kim Jong-Un.
				Coup d'etat: The sudden and illegal seizure of a state, usually instigated by a small group of the existing government establishment to depose the established regime and replace it with a new ruling body.
		OF
			In areas where there are high tension between different races and ethnicities, THBT self-proclaimed progressive individual from the majority should actively seek to marry people who belongs to the minority.
			In areas where there is a high allegation of police brutality, THW impose a harsher punishment on convicted officers.
			THBT present day African American civil right activists should give up the narrative of slavery.
		QF
			THR the Arab Spring.
			THBT Arab-Israelis who successfully seek election to Knesset should opt to not take up that seat.
			THBT the Palestinian Liberation Organization government in the West Bank should abandon the Gaza Strip as part of its conception of the Palestinian state.
		SF
			THBT developing countries should pursue economic policies that heavily discourage urbanization.
			THW allow employees to sign a non-marriage/non-pregnancy contract with their employers in exchange of higher wages.
			THBT OPEC countries should stop producing oil until Brent Crude Oil Price return to 80 USD per barrel.
		GF
			THBT Asia should actively de-Westernise.
			TH supports a creation of strong common ASEAN identity.
			THBT the United States government should actively seek to cooperate with Central Asia to compete against the “New Silk Road”.