Australasian Intervarsity Debating Championships
	Krabi Australs 2023
		R1
			That it is in the best interest of (Formula One) to continue pursuing aggressive commercial expansion even at the expense of sporting integrity
				Balance $stats 4, 3, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 14, 58
				Formula 1 has been trying to aggressively expand commercially even at expense of sporting integrity. The commercial expansion strategy includes partnering with Netflix to produce the Drive to Survive documentary which has been known to overdramatize the events in the sport, prioritising commercially lucrative countries (such as the US - thrice in 2023) for hosting rights, making drivers do more fan service than they are comfortable, and interpreting and implementing regulations to get more viewership at the expense of precedence and norms.
			That, as a (Manchester United) fan who grew up in Manchester, would prefer the Sheikh Thani bid
				Balance $stats 6, 7, 29
				Veto $stats 12, 4, 58
				Manchester United is currently owned by the Glazers family, who are known to take out high amounts of dividends from the club, pile up more debt, and not invest much in club infrastructure. They have announced their interest in selling the club and there are currently two bids: one of Sheikh Jassim Al Thani from Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe from England. Sheikh Jassim Al Thani promises to buy the entire club, get rid of its debts and invest heavily in facilities and player transfers. Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy 51% of the club (while the rest of the shares stay publicly traded in NYSE and partially owned by the Glazers family) and has an experience of owning Nice Football Club in France and is a minority shareholder of Mercedes AMG Petronus Formula One team. He (Sir Jim Ratcliffe) also pledged a fan centric approach to governing the club.
			That we should ban gambling companies sponsoring (esports) teams and leagues
				Balance $stats 5, 4, 29
				Veto $stats 9, 11, 58
		R2
			That we prefer the production of modernised traditional (fairytales) to the production of new original stories for the same audience
				Balance $stats 8, 8, 29
				Veto $stats 6, 3, 58
				For the purposes of this debate, modernised fairytales refer to traditionally popularised fairytale stories that have been altered in order to appeal to modern social norms, such as through changing the plot, characters or moral of the story.
			That we prefer works of (historical fiction) that overemphasize the roles of disadvantaged groups in a period of history (e.g. Django Unchained), to those that provide an accurate view of their circumstances (e.g. 12 Years a Slave)
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 7, 58
			That we regret (DGA)'s deal with the AMPTP
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 29
				Veto $stats 15, 19, 58
				In May 2023, the Writers Guild of America launched a strike against the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP), a trade association that represents over 350 American television and film production companies. The ongoing strike is the largest interruption to the American film and TV production since the COVID-19 pandemic. The guild, representing 11,500+ screenwriters, demands for the increase of wage and residuals (i.e. bonus/royalty) which have been decreasing due to the rise of streaming platforms and for the strict (and potentially regulated) boundaries of the use of AI technologies in the screenwriting process (i.e. as a complementary tool as opposed to a replacement tool). 
				Following suit, the Directors Guild of America (DGA) launched an independent strike (i.e. not involving the WGA) focusing primarily on increase of wages and residuals, in which they managed to strike a deal with the AMPTP. This deal awarded higher compensation and more residuals for directors.
		R3
			That we support the dimensional approach to mental health diagnoses as opposed to the categorical approach
				Balance $stats 2, 7, 29
				Veto $stats 5, 12, 56
				The Categorical Approach is the approach to classifying mental disorders involving assessment of whether an individual has a disorder on the basis of symptoms and characteristics that are described as typical of the disorder. The Dimensional approach is the approach to classifying mental disorders that quantifies a person’s symptoms or other characteristics of interest and represents them with numerical values on one or more scales or continuums, rather than assigning them to a mental disorder category. Diagnosis then becomes not a process of deciding the presence of a symptom or disorder but rather the degree to which a particular characteristic is present.
			That we support the widespread adoption of AI chatbots for talk therapy
				Balance $stats 3, 4, 29
				Veto $stats 15, 13, 56
				Talk therapy, also known as psychotherapy, is a type of mental health treatment that involves talking to a therapist about one's thoughts, feelings, and experiences. The therapist can help them understand and process their problems, develop coping skills, and make progress in their life.
			That we oppose the focus on pharmacotherapy-based care in mental health treatment
				Balance $stats 2, 11, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 3, 56
				Pharmacotherapy is the treatment of health conditions by using pharmaceutical products (drugs) as medication.
		R4
			That we support the NCCDA
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 29
				Veto $stats 12, 13, 57
				The proposed National Critical Capabilities Defense Act (NCCDA) – would establish an interagency committee led by the Office of the US Trade Representative. This committee, according to the language in the current NCCDA proposal, would be able to review transactions by US businesses in 'countries of concern' and where 'national critical capabilities' are at stake The committee can then mandate for these transactions to be suspended should they be deemed as risky. 
				Analysis suggests that up to 43% of US FDI to China over the past two decades would have been covered under the broad categories set out in the NCCDA. The NCCDA is also likely to focus on investments in three "force-multiplying" technologies: advanced semiconductors, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and quantum computing.
			That, as South Korea, we would aggressively pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons
				Balance $stats 2, 16, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 1, 57
			That it is in the interest of Bangladesh to provide citizenship to Rohingya refugees
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 29
				Veto $stats 9, 14, 57
				The Rohingya are an ethnic minority, primarily Muslim, originating from Rakhine State in Myanmar. They have faced decades of systematic discrimination and oppression in Myanmar, where they are denied citizenship and are considered illegal immigrants, even though their presence dates back centuries. Near one million Rohingya refugees have fled to Bangladesh with the largest influx happening in 2017.
		R5
			That, as the Ballroom community, we would welcome individuals with no Ballroom background to partake in traditionally Ballroom-exclusive acts.
				Balance $stats 4, 6, 29
				Veto $stats 6, 11, 58
				The Ballroom community is an African-American and Latino underground LGBTQ+ subculture. Beginning in the late 20th century, Black and Latino drag queens began to organize their own pageants in opposition to racism experienced in established drag queen pageant circuits. In order to participate in a "ballroom", participants will compete in a "ball" arranged by the community across different categories such as voguing, walking through runways wearing fashion elements according to the set categories, etc. The community has been very vocal about non-Ballroom individuals partaking in those acts, such as shaming them for voguing by calling it as "no-guing", exclaiming that non-Ballroom individuals doing those acts have committed grave cultural appropriation, etc.
			That the global success of the Drag Race franchise has done more harm than good to the art of drag.
				Balance $stats 1, 5, 29
				Veto $stats 20, 5, 58
				"Drag Race" is a drag queen reality competition television franchise, created by American drag entertainer RuPaul, starting with its first season in 2009. The popularity of the original series led to the creation of a media franchise including spin-offs and international adaptations across more than 15 different countries.
			That we regret the demonisation of prominent conservative-leaning queer figures by progressive queer communities.
				Balance $stats 7, 6, 29
				Veto $stats 3, 13, 58
		R6
			That governments should artificially inflate the wages of jobs that they believe will become significantly more socially utile in the event of future crises.
				Balance $stats 7, 4, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 13, 58
			That we support governments financially incentivizing acts of friendship (e.g. making new friends, maintaining friendships, or rekindling old friendships).
				Balance $stats 3, 6, 29
				Veto $stats 7, 8, 58
			That workers should be compensated based on output rather than the amount of hours worked.
				Balance $stats 1, 8, 29
				Veto $stats 14, 8, 58
		R7
			Assuming an initial agreement is possible, that it is the interest of DA to include EFF in its (DA's) coalition for the 2024 election.
				Balance $stats 0, 6, 29
				Veto $stats 13, 12, 58
				The African National Congress (ANC) is a social democratic party that has been in power in South Africa since the apartheid ended in 1994. The Democratic Alliance is the biggest opposition party in South Africa based on previous election results and is a centrist party. The second largest opposition party is the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) which is a far left populist party. The DA and EFF have traditionally opposed each other. Currently, the DA is planning form a coalition of opposition parties against the ANC that excludes the EFF.
			That the African Union should continue its policy of preservation of colonial era borders instead of recognizing secessionist movements fighting for autonomy.
				Balance $stats 8, 5, 29
				Veto $stats 9, 5, 58
				The Cairo Declaration, released during the meeting of heads of state of the Organisation of African Unity (now African Union) in its first session in 1964, led to the development of an international practice of respecting and sustaining the territorial situation as it existed at independence. This later evolved as the rule of the status quo, which preserved the border arrangements left behind by colonial regimes.
			That South African membership in an active BRICS is in the best interest of other African countries.
				Balance $stats 7, 3, 29
				Veto $stats 7, 12, 58
				BRICS is an acronym for the geopolitical bloc of the countries Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. Cooperation among BRICS countries spans across various sectors.
		R8
			That we regret the shift from long-cycle development into short-cycle development in technology and engineering.
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 29
				Veto $stats 8, 9, 58
				In the 2000s, following the rise of the software industry, many industries shifted their development models to have far shorter cycles, reducing the timespan between the inception of a project to its completion where it would be launched or commercially available.
			That, as Apple, we would significantly shift towards a more repairability-oriented business model.
				Balance $stats 6, 6, 29
				Veto $stats 16, 1, 58
				The "Right to Repair" is a movement advocating for products to be designed for ease of repair by both owners and independent shops. Apple has a history of creating products that have low repairability by using non-standard components, requiring special tools for repairs, and voiding warranties if unauthorized repairs are attempted. This contrasts with some of Apple's industry competitors who favor more repairable designs.
			That we prefer a world where all individuals had access to their own life statistics.
				Balance $stats 2, 2, 29
				Veto $stats 5, 19, 58
				‘Life statistics’ is a technology that constantly tracks statistics about an individual's observable behavior and actions throughout their life. It requires no manual input or involvement from the individual and is consistently live, updating, and is aware of all actions an individual engages (e.g. time spent doing specific activities, number of instances an action has been done, and other trends in behavior).
		Pre QF
			That developed countries should all implement the CBAM.
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 8
				Starting in 2023, the EU is introducing a policy called the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM). This puts a tax on imports that aren't environmentally friendly. From 2026, this tax will be 20-35% on some goods. Importers will have to say how many goods they bring into the EU and how much these goods add to global warming each year. To balance out these emissions, importers must get CBAM certificates, which cost based on the amount of CO2 emissions and the EU's weekly average price for emissions.
			That the World Bank should cease the Climate Co-benefits Approach and instead redirect an equivalent proportion of every project's budget towards the Climate Investment Fund.
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 8
				The Climate Co-benefits Approach mandates that any World Bank project must have a percentage of that project's budget and activities directed towards climate adaptation or mitigation, regardless of its primary objective (e.g. including projects whose primary objectives are related to health, education, and social protection). The climate co-benefits connect climate action to the project's primary objectives. Examples of climate co-benefits would be adding solar panels to schools, hospitals and other infrastructure; actively directing funding towards more climate vulnerable areas; including training modules on climate adaptation etc.
				The World Bank's Climate Investment Fund (CIF) is a dedicated climate fund for climate change related projects. The CIF exists independently of climate co-benefits and is funded separately.
			That the environmental movement should heavily prioritise nuclear power in their energy advocacy.
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
		QF
			That we support a global ban on crypto currency
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 8
			That we oppose captive loans.
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
				Financial repression occurs when the government lowers the cost of their own borrowing, channeling funds to themselves that in a deregulated market would go elsewhere. In an era of cross-border capital mobility, financial repression policies such as interest rate caps and large-scale capital controls are expected to be less effective, and governments are typically more inclined to access funds from "captive audiences" such as pension funds, banks, and insurance companies which are mandated to provide loans to the government at significantly below market rates by various means (referrered to in this motion as "captive loans").
			That we support the use of activist short-selling by Western investment firms on companies in the developing world.
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
				Short-selling is the practice of selling a (borrowed) stock in the open market, and buying it later at a cheaper price. Activist short-sellers actively try to lower the price of a stock by directly influencing the perception of the market on a company commonly through investigative journalism. Activist short-sellers publish research reports which highlight deficiencies in the company’s management, overall corporate strategy, and any scandals the company may be involved in. In January 2023, the activist short-selling firm Hindenburg Research published a report on the Adani Group from India. The stock prices of seven Adani group companies have lost significant value, with Adani Total Gas shares taking the biggest plunge of 56%.
		SF, ESL SF
			That, as Prigozhin, we regret agreeing to the conditions of the deal brokered by Belarus.
				SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 8
				ESL SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 8
				Yevgeny Prigozhin is the founder of the Wagner Group, a paramilitary organization used by Russia in the invasion of Ukraine as a means of strengthening its forces and gaining plausible deniability. After disagreements regarding the Russian government's support to Wagner Group, Prigozhin publicly criticized the Russian Ministry of Defense (MoD) for mishandling the Russian offensive, attacking Wagner forces, and even called out Vladimir Putin and MoD Minister Sergei Shoigu for having lied to the Russian public regarding the justification for the invasion. Most controversially, the MoD suggested the integration of Wagner forces into the Russian army.
				On June 23 2023, Prigozhin began an armed rebellion and attempted to march to Moscow with Wagner forces, even taking some territory and shooting down Russian aircraft. He had a wide range of demands from greater protections for Wagner troops, up to the ouster and replacement of Shoigu.
				Prigozhin ended the coup after a deal brokered by Belarus. The deal involved halting the coup in exchange for immunity from prosecution, but required that Prigozhin relocated to Belarus. In addition, Wagner forces would also have to move to Belarus or sign defense contracts with Russia. Last night, Lukashenko stated that Prigozhin was in St. Petersburg, which would be in violation of the agreement.
			That, as Japan's Liberal Democratic Party, we would introduce policies that significantly encourage foreign migration to Japan.
				SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 2, 8
				ESL SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 0, 2, 8
			That, as Filipino progressives, we prefer Leni Robredo no longer run in future elections.
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 3, 2, 8
				ESL SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 3, 2, 8
				Leni Robredo is the leading opposition figure in the Phililpines and was formerly the Vice President from 2016 to 2022. She defeated Bongbong Marcos (aka BBM), son of former Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos, in the 2016 Vice Presidential election but lost to BBM in the May 2022 presidential election where she ran a campaign centered on good governance, transparency, democratic values, equitable development, and pandemic recovery. She has been unclear about her political future since. 
				The day after, she started the Angat Buhay NGO which focuses on anti-poverty efforts and pandemic response through improving health, education, food security, and disaster risk response. Within the same year, the NGO had served 16,237 families and 12,541 individuals in 162 communities and is known for its large volunteer presence. She has also indicated her willingness to back other candidates from the opposition in future elections. 
				The Philippine midterm election where some legislators and local officials are elected will occur in 2025, while the next general election (including the presidential and vice presidential election) will happen in 2028. BBM is no longer eligible for the presidency in 2028, but his current VP Sara Duterte and sister Senator Imee Marcos are currently eligible.
		GF
			That as a young woman with feminist beliefs, we would embrace a dissociative feminist persona
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Dissociative feminism is a passive and detached approach to addressing feminine struggles, characterised by a jaded outlook on society. It contrasts with active forms of feminist resistance and acknowledges the emotional and physical toll of direct activism. Dissociative feminists also embrace choices that may not conform to mainstream feminist behaviours.
			That we support social-punishment methods as a means of fighting gender inequality
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				For the purposes of this debate, social-punishment methods are behaviours that are designed to disrupt or cost society as a negative consequence for norms and state behaviours that detriment women. Movements such as 4B (or "Four No’s"), which originated in South Korea in 2019, are based on the use of these methods. Its members renounce four activities; sex, child-rearing (giving birth), dating, and marriage with men.
			That the feminist movement should strongly oppose divine femininity discourse
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				"Divine femininity" discourse encourages women to live a ‘soft life’ by stepping into their ‘divine feminine energy’ and living more intuitively and authentically in line with their femininity. It also encourages the disengagement from tasks and socially-embedded behaviours that exude "masculine energy"; such as overexerting oneself to work, being assertive, repressing emotions, etc.
		ESL GF
			That we prefer a world where there is a strong social pressure to have an intellectual disposition
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				For the purposes of this debate, an individual with an intellectual disposition has a strong willingness to seek information and prioritise reason over emotion.
			That we prefer religious teachings that emphasise the belief that human beings are born good instead of born evil
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			That we prefer a world with a widespread belief in cosmic pluralism to one with a widespread belief in cosmic monism
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Cosmic pluralism is the belief that suggests the existence of multiple inhabited worlds, universes, and dimensions beyond our own.
				Cosmic monism is the belief that the universe is a single, unified entity, and that there are no other worlds or beings beyond this universe.
		EFL GF
			That we would place a cap on the overall amount of wealth that parents can pass down to their children (e.g. inheritance, trust funds, gifts that are given after they turn 18, etc.)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That we oppose the heightened animosity toward the rich
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That we prefer a world where the "mottainai" mentality is dominant
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				The "Mottainai" mentality is a Japanese concept that highlights and strongly grieves wastefulness. The notion has been adopted by environmental movements to promote positive actions such as recycling, but also is one that calls attention to wastefulness in every aspect of our lives, such as in how we spend our time, money, etc.
	Campbelltown Australs 2022
		R1
			That all scientific journals should move to a registered reports model of publication
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 22
				Veto $stats 7, 8, 44
				The registered reports model has researchers submit detailed protocols for peer review before any experiments are conducted. The methods, hypothesis and background are peer reviewed prior to data collection. If the article is accepted, the journal guarantees the publication of the article irrespective of the significance of the results.
			That all grant and scholarship funders should substantially outsource selection to third parties
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 22
				Veto $stats 13, 8, 44
			That labour unions in the tertiary education sector should deprioritise strikes in favour of administration bans (i.e. continuing to teach but refusing to grade papers, oversee exams, answer emails, etc.)
				Balance $stats 4, 10, 22
				Veto $stats 2, 6, 44
		R2
			That the feminist movement should support the portrayal of women as the source of fear in films (ex. Miranda Priestly in the Devil Wears Prada, Carrie in Carrie, Dolores Umbridge in Harry Potter)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 22
				Veto $stats 17, 4, 44
			That it is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 22
				Veto $stats 2, 12, 44
			That we prefer a world where co-parenting is primarily non-romantic (ie. conducted by consenting partners who have no romantic or sexual relationship, eg. friends)
				Balance $stats 5, 9, 22
				Veto $stats 3, 6, 44
		R3
			That we regret the recent subsidisation of fossil fuels in Latin America to combat inflation
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 21
				Veto $stats 14, 4, 43
				In 2022, countries in Latin America have engaged in significant subsidies of fossil fuels in response to inflation. For example, substantial subsidies have been implemented in Ecuador (worth 0.8% of GDP) and Mexico (worth 1% of GDP) and Peru has cut taxes on fuel (equal to around 0.9% of GDP).
			That Latin American countries should form an economic and political bloc
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 4, 14, 43
			That, as a developing country with a significant share of global rare earth minerals, we would adopt downstreaming
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 21
				Veto $stats 3, 4, 43
				Downstreaming is where a country bans the export of raw materials to force global firms to invest and build factories within the country.
		R4
			That it is in the electoral interests of the national Republican Party to strongly oppose Donald Trump's primaries campaign
				Balance $stats 3, 5, 22
				Veto $stats 6, 7, 44
			That, as the Australian Labor Party, we should aggressively compete with China to fund infrastructure in the Solomon Islands
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 22
				Veto $stats 13, 5, 44
			That, as South Korea, we would pursue a close economic and diplomatic tie with Japan
				Balance $stats 5, 4, 22
				Veto $stats 3, 10, 44
		R5
			That we support the widespread use of Soulbound Tokens
				Balance $stats 1, 4, 22
				Veto $stats 12, 7, 44
				Soulbound Tokens (SBTs) are digital identity tokens that represent the traits (eg, good communicator, dishonest), features, and achievements (eg, university degree) that make up a person or entity. SBTs are issued by "Souls," which represent blockchain accounts or wallets, and cannot be transferred.
			That we support the advent of decentralised financial systems
				Balance $stats 3, 8, 22
				Veto $stats 5, 3, 44
			That the US should attempt to aggressively contain China's capacity to build AI systems (e.g. by limiting China's ability to skill and retain computer scientists, attract US capital into Chinese AI companies, or access parts needed to build AI systems where the US has significant market share, such as semiconductors)
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 22
				Veto $stats 5, 12, 44
		R6
			That, as the captain, we would wear "One Love"
				Balance $stats 1, 8, 22
				Veto $stats 7, 5, 44
				You are the captain of the Wales national team of football. Previously, you had publicly announced that you will be wearing the "One Love" armband in the World Cup against its rules, which exhibits support for the LGBTQ+ movement, in unity with 7 other nations in Europe. However, after FIFA's announcement that such an act may cause the player to be booked or sent off, all teams have reversed their previous decision. You will play your second game of the Group Stage in a couple of hours.
			That, where a player of the national team is originally from a different country, nations should be required to pay compensation to their nation of origin
				Balance $stats 4, 2, 22
				Veto $stats 3, 10, 44
			That we support all international sporting events (e.g. FIFA World Cup, the Olympics) having a permanent host nation
				Balance $stats 5, 2, 22
				Veto $stats 12, 7, 44
		R7
			That we regret Manne's Program in Economics for Federal Judges
				Balance $stats 2, 2, 22
				Veto $stats 14, 5, 44
				Manne's Program in Economics for Federal Judges was a program offering economics instruction to federal judges so that they could incorporate economic reasoning into their judgements. This looks like understanding cost-benefit analyses in understanding incentives for committing crime and Coase's Theorem for the allocation of property rights. It was a 2-3 week course and often included lectures from world famous economists like Milton Friedman. Both conservative and liberal judges attended this program with notable attendees being Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas.
			That, as a foreign judge on the CFA, we would resign
				Balance $stats 3, 4, 22
				Veto $stats 6, 9, 44
				The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal (CFA) exercises ultimate judicial power over Hong Kong. However, the Chinese Government has previously, on rare occasion, overturned the CFA’s rulings.
				The CFA appoints a number of top foreign judges from other common law jurisdictions (e.g. UK, Australia) to adjudicate cases alongside Hong Kong’s domestic judges. The foreign judges have historically exercised a large amount of influence over the development of Hong Kong Law.
				Three foreign judges have recently resigned in response to China’s National Security Law. The majority of foreign judges remain.
			That we support the widespread use of citizens assemblies in determining law reform in controversial policy areas (e.g., environment, criminal justice)
				Balance $stats 3, 8, 22
				Veto $stats 2, 8, 44
				A citizens' assembly is a body consisting of randomly-selected citizens who conduct participatory deliberation on a given political issue. Citizens' assemblies are provided with specialist advice and are overseen to ensure they remain independent. In 2019 and 2020, France conducted a citizens' assembly, termed the Citizens' Convention for Climate, where 150 randomly-selected, demographically-representative citizens were tasked with crafting climate policy, which Emanuel Macron largely committed to implement.
		R8
			That the media should disseminate the idea of a "pandemic amnesty"
				Balance $stats 6, 1, 22
				Veto $stats 14, 0, 44
				A "pandemic amnesty" is a call to move on from the debates that occurred during the pandemic and to no longer place blame for policies implemented (eg, school closures, vaccine rollouts).
			That we, as a centre-left party in a liberal democracy, would explicitly seek electoral gains among less-educated voters
				Balance $stats 6, 6, 22
				Veto $stats 4, 6, 44
				Since roughly the 1960s, there has been a gradual shift in the average education level of voter demographics for different political parties in democracies across the world. In the mid-twentieth century, the richest and most educated voters typically voted conservative while poorer, less educated voters tended to vote for social democratic/labour parties. While it is still true that the richest voters vote conservative and poorer voters vote progressive, more highly educated voters now tend to be more left-wing. One explanation for this trend is that rates of education attainment have gone up, meaning that education is no longer closely associated with elite voters. This trend has seen relatively less-educated voters vote in increased numbers for right-wing populists like Donald Trump.
			That Western operated technology and social media companies (e.g. Facebook, Apple, Twitter) should not give into requests by non-democratic actors to block certain apps or users
				Balance $stats 0, 3, 22
				Veto $stats 4, 16, 44
		ESL SF, Pre QF
			That we prefer the three cities approach to the CBD approach
				ESL SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				Pre QF Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Pre QF Veto $stats 0, 3, 8
				There are two general approaches to urban planning with respect to peripheral areas of large cities (e.g. Campbelltown ❤). The 'three cities' approach involves developing peripheral areas to be their own, separate hubs, with most people within the area working there. The 'CBD' approach involves investing in greater connectivity between peripheral areas and the true city centre.
			That states should only use public housing when conducting social housing policy
				ESL SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				Pre QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Pre QF Veto $stats 3, 1, 8
				There are two main types of social housing policies. Public housing involves the government directly owning and managing affordable housing. Community housing involves the subsidised provision of housing via non-government organisations, such as companies and community groups.
			That developed countries should pursue a policy of degrowth
				ESL SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				ESL SF Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				Pre QF Balance $stats 0, 3, 4
				Pre QF Veto $stats 1, 0, 8
				Degrowth involves a planned decrease in the size of economic production and consumption occurring within a given economy (often measured via GDP). It could involve the prioritisation of less emissions intense industries, heavy taxes or limits on emissions, shorter work weeks, and voluntary reductions in consumer spending.
		QF
			That we support the CBAM
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				The European Union has recently voted to establish the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, which will place a levy on carbon-intense goods being imported from outside of the EU. It applies to the importation of various goods (e.g. cement, iron and steel, fertilisers, plastics, electricity) and will assess both the direct and indirect emissions embedded in the production process of the goods.
			That governments should adopt competitive neutrality in the energy sector
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 1, 8
				Competitive neutrality is an economic policy which ensures state owned enterprises and infrastructure must compete on an equal regulatory level with private businesses. Australia implemented competitive neutrality in many sectors throughout the 1990s, including the energy sector, which accompanied significant privatisation of state owned energy assets.
			That the environmentalist movement should include a just transition away from the animal agriculture industry in its messaging
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 3, 8
				"Just transition" rhetoric refers to economic transitions away from emissions-intense industries that attempt to account for social justice, for example by providing guaranteed jobs for workers who lose their jobs due to decarbonisation. Currently, a just transition is conceived as a transition away from fossil fuels extraction and combustion.
		SF
			That, as the Houthi rebels, we would reject any negotiations with the Presidential Leadership Council
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				The Presidential Leadership Council is the executive body of Yemen's internationally-recognized government, formed in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, by a presidential decree on 7 April 2022, to seek a "comprehensive political solution" to the Yemeni civil war. It is headed by Rashad Muhammad Al-Alimi and has a membership of eight members after having Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi’s resignation.
			That Western states should support local rebel groups (e.g. by funding them and giving them intel) as opposed to direct military intervention in other states
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			That the IMF's bail-out of Sri Lanka should be contingent on political reform
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
		GF
			That we regret the prevalence of malevolent AI in popular culture (eg-Skynet in Terminator, Ultron in the Avengers, etc)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That we support the Campbelltown value system
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Traditionally in Japan, virtuous losses tend to gain significantly more popular support than victories. This value system manifests in various contexts including sports, popular culture, education, the veneration of historical figures, and… just about anywhere else. We decided to call this the Campbelltown value system.
			Assuming the technology exists, that it is immoral to create simulated high-fidelity alternate universes
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				"In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move."
				- Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
		ESL GF
			That we would allow doctors to override advance care directives
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				An Advance Care Directive (ACD) is a legal document in which a person of sound mind specifies what actions should be taken for their health if they are no longer able to make decisions for themselves (because of illness or incapacity). Doctors are legally required to uphold the instructions of an ACD, irrespective of their professional medical opinions.
			That western liberal democracies should allow the experimentation and creation of animal-human hybrids
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Japan has lifted a ban on the creation of animal-human hybrids by allowing scientists to conduct stem-cell experiments to grow human organs inside animals. China has also been experimenting with the transplant of human brain cells into animal subjects to achieve advanced cognition.
			That we believe people are more moral today than in the past
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
		EFL GF
			That we would prefer a world where all people believe in Afterlife A to Afterlife B
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				
				'Afterlife A': After a life well lived, the 'ethereal soul' is separated from the 'physical body' and joins an eternal, blissful community of souls and 'God' (no physical body) 
				'Afterlife B': After a life well lived the 'ethereal soul' is separated from the 'physical body' and leads a second life with rewards from the previous life carrying into the next
			That it is in the interests of the Catholic church for an 'extrovert' pope to succeed Pope Francis
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Introvert' Catholics believe that the Church should remain discrete from the modern, secular world, keeping as close to tradition as possible, and being actively-countercultural. 'Extrovert' Catholics see the Church as responding to the needs of the world, and are more tolerant of making doctrinal change to align with changing social values. Pope Francis is very much an 'extrovert'.
			That secular democracies with substantial religious communities should allow a separate legal system for those communities (e.g. Syariah Law, Canon Law)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
	Nepal Australs 2021
		R1
			That we support this trend in progressive discourse
				Balance $stats 10, 6, 52
				Veto $stats 16, 22, 104
				In progressive discourse, there is a trend to defend behaviours and norms on the grounds that all of the participants have consented (for example, in defences of the production and consumption of pornography).
			That we regret the trend of describing regressive views or speech as violent
				Balance $stats 3, 12, 52
				Veto $stats 17, 19, 104
			That, as a new media company, we would choose to have a cohesive voice without consistent attribution of any particular writers (for example, the Economist) rather than individuals writers having their own independent, recognisable voices (for example, the Atlantic)
				Balance $stats 9, 12, 52
				Veto $stats 19, 11, 104
		R2
			That we, as the judge, would rule the crack down legal
				Balance $stats 3, 7, 51
				Veto $stats 26, 13, 102
				You are a judge in a country with an established democracy, but which has experienced a weakening of its democratic institutions. The Parliament has passed an unconstitutional bill with popular support declaring martial law and repealing all statutory guarantees for elections. The legality of this has gone to court. You have the deciding vote in this case.
			That, as New Zealand, we would refuse to extradite Mr Kim to China
				Balance $stats 5, 12, 51
				Veto $stats 8, 28, 102
				Kyung Yup Kim is a 46-year-old New Zealand permanent resident, having moved to New Zealand from Korea at the age of 16. There is strong forensic and circumstantial evidence linking Mr Kim to the recent murder in China of a Chinese woman, and he has been arrested and detained by the New Zealand police on the strength of that evidence. China has requested that New Zealand extradite Mr Kim to China, and has guaranteed that Mr Kim will not be executed should he be found guilty. China is also New Zealand's largest trade partner. However, China's courts and prison system have been often criticised as arbitrary and inhumane.
			That we would allow a substantially lower minimum wage for prisoner labour
				Balance $stats 11, 13, 51
				Veto $stats 17, 10, 102
		R3
			That we prefer the separate model to the concurrent model of women's sports
				Balance $stats 6, 13, 52
				Veto $stats 11, 19, 104
				There are broadly two models of women's sport. The first is the separate model, where women's seasons run at a completely separate time to the men's seasons. Examples include the men's and women's Australian Football League and Big Bash League. 
				The second model is the concurrent model, where all/the majority of women's and men's games happening one after the other at the same ground on the same day. Examples include the HockeyOne League in Australia.
			That student sports should be completely de-professionalised
				Balance $stats 7, 9, 52
				Veto $stats 29, 9, 104
				Deprofessionalising student sports may include barring all staff including coaches and associated administrators from receiving more than a living wage, pooling all revenue in the league to cover reasonable costs, and donating any profit to a range of non-sports charities.
			That sports players should not be punished by sports leagues or clubs for private acts that are not illegal, but may be considered immoral by society (e.g. extra-marital affairs etc.)
				Balance $stats 6, 11, 52
				Veto $stats 12, 24, 104
		R4
			That NATO should vote to expel Turkey
				Balance $stats 5, 15, 52
				Veto $stats 17, 14, 104
				Turkey is a member of NATO, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, a collective defence agreement. In recent years, Turkey has deepened its relationship with Russia, including purchasing missile systems from them, in addition to other acts which have created tensions between Turkey and some other NATO members.
			That, if the final Noumea Accord referendum fails, New Caledonia should not conduct regular referenda on independence
				Balance $stats 7, 2, 52
				Veto $stats 24, 25, 104
				New Caledonia is a set of islands in the Pacific and is currently a part of France. The Noumea Accord is an agreement between France and New Caledonia which provides for up to three referendums on New Caledonian self-determination. The first in 2018 and the second in 2020 were both won by "loyalists" who voted to remain a part of France. The first two referendums showed 43.3 percent support for independence in 2018 and 46.7 percent support in 2020. A "third referendum" has been held, but it was heavily disrupted by Covid-19 and it is expected that a make up Noumea Accord referendum will be held once the pandemic has subsided. The pro-independence faction is pushing for regular referendums to be continued to be held regardless of the result of the make up referendum.
			That it is in the best interests of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) to quietly abandon its attempt to reunify with Taiwan
				Balance $stats 8, 15, 52
				Veto $stats 11, 13, 104
		R5
			That we prefer a world where god judges people on the purity of their intentions, rather than the consequences of their actions
				Balance $stats 7, 12, 52
				Veto $stats 10, 25, 103
				In both worlds, people are aware of god's method of judgment.
			That we prefer a world where hypocrisy is completely de-stigmatised
				Balance $stats 3, 6, 52
				Veto $stats 34, 12, 103
				For the purpose of this debate, hypocrisy means to act in a way that is inconsistent with your publicly stated positions and values. The inconsistency between action and position is key - hypocrisy is perceived as a moral flaw above mere dishonesty about one’s beliefs or the performance of immoral acts.
			That we oppose self help narratives that instruct people to reduce their reliance on external validation
				Balance $stats 8, 16, 52
				Veto $stats 8, 14, 103
		R6
			That we support a rise in income-selective dating apps
				Balance $stats 5, 6, 50
				Veto $stats 23, 17, 98
				Income-selective dating apps require people to verify that they have a certain level of income or wealth in order to sign up to the app.
			That we support the commodification of close and intimate relationships
				Balance $stats 3, 9, 50
				Veto $stats 16, 21, 98
				Commodification is the transformation of things that normally exist outside the market into commodities or objects of trade. Commodification of intimacy includes but is not limited to hiring actors to play your family members; commercial hugging; rent-a-girlfriend.
			That, in a world where both men and women were equally likely to do it, we would prefer a return to the norm of families in which one parent works and the other remains at home
				Balance $stats 9, 18, 50
				Veto $stats 10, 11, 98
		R7
			That we, as Belarus, regret manufacturing the border crisis with Poland
				Balance $stats 5, 10, 50
				Veto $stats 19, 22, 100
				Belarus has artificially created a border crisis with Poland by bringing in a significant number of migrants and asylum seekers – mostly from the Middle East – and taking them to the border with promises of an easy crossing into the European Union. Poland is a member of the European Union while Belarus is not.
			That Western powers should pressure Ethiopia to allow Tigray to secede
				Balance $stats 7, 8, 50
				Veto $stats 14, 16, 100
				Tigray is a region of Ethiopia. The Tigray People's Liberation Front is a political party with a military wing from the region which dominated Ethiopian national politics for decades. The TPLF had been in conflict with the federal Ethiopian government over proposed political reforms, and the postponement of the federal election. In response, Tigray held its own elections, and the Tigrayan and federal governments each deemed the other illegitimate. Military conflict began in Tigray in November 2020 after Ethiopia's Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed sent troops to topple the Tigray People's Liberation Front, which dominated national politics before he took office in 2018.
				This troop movement was allegedly in response to TPLF attacks on federal army camps. Government forces drove the TPLF from Tigray's cities and towns, but the rebels retook most of the region, including its capital, Mekele, by late June.
				The war has soured relations between Ethiopia and Western powers, including the United States, long a critical ally.
			That countries should never cooperate with Chinese "hostage diplomacy"
				Balance $stats 10, 10, 50
				Veto $stats 17, 12, 100
				Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor are two Canadians who were detained by China (allegedly on charges of espionage) shortly after Canada’s arrest of the Huawei executive Meng Wanzhou. They were released after Meng Wanzhou was released in a deal with American prosecutors. This is widely percieved to have been an example of "hostage diplomacy", where a country's citizens are taken hostage as a way to exert pressure.
		R8
			That China should walk back its crack down on private education
				Balance $stats 11, 5, 49
				Veto $stats 18, 20, 98
				China has recently cracked down sharply on private tutoring companies, forcing these companies to register as non-profit organisations, banning approvals for new companies, and making it illegal for them to receive foreign investment.
			That education systems should actively teach "Sticking it to the man"
				Balance $stats 10, 6, 49
				Veto $stats 8, 22, 98
				"Sticking it to the man" is an anarchic/punk sentiment of the 80s, which encouraged the youth to be politically aware, question and undermine political authority.
			That small or developing countries should replace their school curriculums with a well-performing curriculum of another country
				Balance $stats 7, 10, 49
				Veto $stats 23, 7, 98
		PDO
			That, as a mid-tier CCP official in a regional government openly opposed to Xi Jinping's property tax plan, we would obstruct rather than facilitate its implementation
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 3, 5, 16
				Local governments in China rely on land sales for at least 40% of their revenues. This has encouraged an aggressive sales policy, aided and abetted by property developers who have taken on heavy debts to buy the land and build large numbers apartment blocks for buyers who believe that the sector will continue to grow and provide them with capital gains on their investment. 
				To curb what he perceives as excessive real-estate investment, Xi Jinping has announced a series of property tax pilot programs across different cities in China. These property taxes make it more expensive to own property, decreasing its attractiveness as an investment. This policy has seen significant opposition from local and regional governments.
			That we regret the rise of retail investment
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 16
				Applications such as Robinhood have recently made it significantly easier for private individuals to invest in specific stocks and financial instruments. People use the app to purchase those stocks and financial instruments hoping the value will increase and they will turn a profit. This type of person is known as a "retail investor".
			That we prefer a world without corporate tax
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 16
				A corporate tax is a tax on the profits of a corporation.
		OF
			That we would ban the use of any reproductive technology (e.g. abortion, embryo selection) which alters the prevalence of any common disability
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 8
				Veto $stats 5, 2, 16
				Prevalence describes how common a trait or medical condition is in the population.
			That we regret the trend of left-wing media coverage of the deaths of individual prominent anti-vax activists from COVID-19
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 4, 16
			That, after receiving professional and science-based medical advice, patients should have the right to undergo treatments that are contrary to that advice and have not received regulatory approval for that usage (for instance, Ivermectin for Covid-19)
				Balance $stats 0, 4, 8
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 16
		QF
			That the Great Resignation Trend brings more harm than good
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 2, 8
				The Great Resignation is a trend seen in late 2021, in which millions of workers mostly in the West (including but not limited to those in the service/hospitality sector, those in entry-level jobs, those who have well-earning and highly-ranked corporate positions) are resigning from their formal employment.
			That, as a skilled worker, we would prefer a world where polywork was the norm
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 8
				Polywork means to have multiple jobs at multiple companies, rather than a single job at a single companies.
			That, as a member of a minority community, we would actively discourage a child from that community from pursuing careers in state security apparatuses (military, police, immigration etc.)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
		SF
			That, in contexts where significant sectarian violence has recently given way to a increasingly stable unity government, we oppose measures that increase the public's awareness of the scale and details of atrocities (for instance, publishing evidence-gathering reports, Truth and Reconciliation Commissions)
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			That we would prefer a world where Vladimir Putin died today suddenly of natural causes
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
			That we regret Angela Merkel's decision to step down as German Chancellor
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 4
		GF
			That, as a person who emigrated from a poor nation to a wealthy nation and then becomes highly successful (for instance, Enis Kantor, Elon Musk, Isabel Allende, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Salman Rushdie), we would vocally encourage other people from our homeland to also emigrate
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That, in countries with a history of ethnic tensions, we would embrace cultural appropriation
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			That we should oppose the promotion and marketing of indigenous cultures for the purpose of tourism
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
		ESL QF
			That the writer should write the first ending rather than the second ending
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
				A writer has just written one of the great works of dystopian fiction. They have two endings in mind. In one ending, the system prevails and the protagonist is consumed (for instance, in 1984, Winston's forbidden love for Julia is extinguished and he accepts Big Brother). In the other ending, the protagonist brings down the system and the seeds of a new society are sown (for instance, in Farenheit 451, Montag escapes and the dystopian city is destroyed).
			That we prefer the norm of fantasy/science fiction writers creating main characters with ordinary abilities as opposed to main characters with magical and never before seen powers and/or abilities
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 2, 8
			That we regret the increasing number of movies made from existing intellectual property
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 1, 8
		ESL SF
			That authoritarianism will eventually triumph over liberal democracy globally
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 4
				Authoritarianism is a form of government characterized by the rejection of political plurality, the use of a strong central power to preserve the political status quo, and reductions in the rule of law, separation of powers, and democratic voting. Liberal democracy is a democratic system of government in which individual rights and freedoms are officially recognized and protected, and the exercise of political power is limited by the rule of law.
			That it is in the best interests of the Biden Administration to restore aid to Pakistan
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				During the Trump administration, the United States significantly reduced aid and support to Pakistan. The USA alleged Pakistan was failing to sufficiently counter terrorism in the region. In response, Pakistan has increased its economic relationship with China.
			That it is in the interests of the EU to lift sanctions against the Taliban regime
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
		ESL GF
			That we would ban plain clothes policing
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Plain clothes policing is routine policing where officials do not wear clothing that immediately identifies them as police. It does not refer to undercover policing, where police take on false identities to gather evidence.
			That we prefer mandatory community service to be the ordinary and exclusive punishment for misdemeanours (for instance, traffic violations)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			That people who have suffered acute amnesia should not be punished for crimes they cannot remember
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
		EFL SF
			That we would ban individuals from editing their own genomes
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				At some point, gene editing technology will become sufficiently advanced to allow people to edit their own genomes. Gene editing may make someone smarter, more traditionally attractive, or have any other genetically expressed trait.
			That we oppose Jeff Bezos' investment in anti-aging technology
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				Amazon founder, Jeff Bezos, has invested in Altos Labs, a new anti-ageing start-up that hopes to prolong human life.
			That we should support the creation of the Facebook Metaverse
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				Facebook, Inc. recently changed their name to Meta Platforms Inc. in alignment with Mark Zuckerberg's pivot towards transforming Facebook into a metaverse to actively replace social, work, and entertainment spaces. 
				The metaverse uses augmented reality technology to create a virtual environment where users can be present with other users in digital spaces. These users are seemingly immersed in these spaces as opposed to just looking at them.
		EFL GF
			That, assuming secure implementation and easy use, we would implement liquid democracy
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Liquid democracy is a system where votes can be changed at any time. Individuals may change their votes as many times as they desire and the composition of Parliament updates weekly to reflect the new balance of votes. A vote is valid for three years before it must be re-cast.
			That left-wing political campaigns should heavily prioritize forwarding "firebrand" political candidates
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				A "firebrand" politician is one that focuses their political persona and campaign narrative on inciting great changes, extremely passionate, and one that wields huge personality, often polarizing and intentionally incendiary.
			That progressives should aggressively but covertly invest in progressive "fake news"
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
	Australs 2020
		R1
			That, as Joe Biden, we would choose to run on a ‘Medicare-for-All’ platform.
				Medicare-for-all is a policy proposal in the United States advocating a single-payer system, where the government steps in (rather than insurance companies) as the intermediary between patients and providers in health-care transactions.
			That we oppose the medicalisation of learning disabilities.
				Medicalisation is the process of classifying human behaviours and conditions as a medical issue that requires a medical approach. Learning difficulties are conditions that impact on an individual's ability to gain knowledge and skills at the same rate as his or her peers. Examples are dyslexia (impediment on a person’s ability to read and comprehend a text) and ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder).
			That we regret the norm that doctors should defer to their patients' wishes, even where doing so is not in those patients' best interests.
		R2
			That we support gamification in the workplace.
				Gamification is the application of game-design elements and game principles (e.g. point scoring, competition with others, rules of play) in non-game contexts.
			That the government should provide incentives for the urban poor to migrate to rural areas.
				The ‘urban poor’ refers to individuals or families in urban areas with incomes below the poverty line.
			That the #MeToo movement has failed working class women.
				The #MeToo movement is a movement against sexual harassment and sexual abuse where people publicise their allegations of sex crimes committed by powerful and/or prominent men.
		R3
			That we would abolish the ‘one-year-out’ rule in the NBA.
				The ‘one-year-out’ rule requires prospective NBA (National Basketball Association) players to take a gap year after graduating from high school before they can be drafted or play in the NBA. Most players choose to spend this gap year at college playing amateur basketball, although some choose to spend a year playing in overseas professional leagues.
			That we prefer a world where sports are not commercialised.
			That we regret the ongoing prominence of cricket in postcolonial countries.
		R4
			That we, as Benny Gantz, regret signing the coalition agreement between Likud and the Blue and White alliance.
				Blue and White is a centre to centre-left political alliance in Israel, led by Benny Gantz. Following Knesset (the Israeli Parliament) elections held in March 2020, Blue and White entered into a coalition agreement with Likud, the party of current Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, resulting in the formation of a unity government. Among the terms of the agreement are the stipulation that Netanyahu will serve as Prime Minister of Israel until October 2021, at which point Gantz will assume the position.The March 2020 elections were the third in a series of Knesset elections which began in April 2019. Following the first two elections, neither of the two major parties (i.e. Blue and White and Likud) were able to form government, leading to the dissolution of the Knesset and the calling of snap elections. Following the signing of the coalition agreement, two of the parties which made up Blue and White left the alliance, leaving the Israel Resilience Party as the only remaining party. As a result, Blue and White now only controls 14 out of the 120 seats in the Knesset, compared to the 33 seats which it won in the March 2020 elections.
			That we regret the Trump-Taliban peace deal agreement.
				The Trump-Taliban peace deal is an agreement made by the United States (US) and Taliban forces in Afghanistan. The US and allies (like NATO) promise to withdraw their forces from the region by 2021 and remove sanctions against the Taliban if they fulfil their end of the deal, which includes: conducting prisoner swap between Taliban prisoners and the Afghan security forces’ prisoners; and agreeing to not allow parties that pose a threat to US & allies' security (e.g. al-Qaeda or any other extremist groups) to operate in areas under Taliban control.
			That Palestinians should abandon their claim for statehood and opt for a civil rights struggle instead.
		R5
			That we support a permanent move to online tertiary education.
			That we would proportionately subsidise (e.g. scholarship and funding) university courses according to the employability of their graduates.
			That we regret the expectation that children should be shielded from all forms of danger.
		R6
			That the Democratic Party should not embrace 'Never Trump' Republicans.
				‘Never Trump Republicans’ are a group of prominent Republicans or conservatives who have announced their opposition to Donald Trump as the Republican Party nominee for President.
			That legislative bodies (e.g. parliament, congress, senate, councils) should be formed by sortition democracy.
				Sortition democracy, or the random selection of government officials, is the use of random selection from the populace at large to form voting bodies or fill political positions. In this system, the selection can be modified to match the socioeconomic and demographic profile of the country in question (e.g. 50% of those selected may be women if half of the population of the country is women).
			That young people should reject traditionally empowered political parties.
				‘Traditionally empowered political parties’ are political parties that have historically enjoyed positions of power (i.e. being the government, holding a majority of seats in parliament) more than any other political parties in that country. Examples are the Republican and Democratic Parties in the US, People's Action Party in Singapore, the Perikatan Nasional (previously known as Barisan Nasional) and the Pakatan Harapan coalitions in Malaysia.
		R7
			That we should ban mortgage-based financial derivatives.
				A mortgage-based financial derivative (e.g. mortgage-backed securities) is a type of financial asset whose value is derived from a mortgage or collection of mortgages. The owner of a mortgage-backed security is entitled to both the principal and the interest payments made on the relevant mortgage(s).
			That we should limit the trading of individual shares and derivative products to licensed professionals.
				A derivative is a financial security with a value that is derived from an underlying asset or group of assets. Examples are options and futures.
			That we should ban high-frequency trading.
				High-frequency trading ("HFT") is a form of financial trading which uses financial data, electronic trading tools, and computer algorithms in order to process vast quantities of information and conduct trades at a much faster rate than human traders are capable of. An average HFT firm might be able to move in and out of a position (e.g. by purchasing and selling particular assets) in seconds, or even fractions of a second.
		R8
			That we prefer a world where social media networking sites are only available on a paid subscription basis.
			That social media companies should aggressively censor offensive and discriminatory content.
			That we should ban mergers and acquisitions of mass media companies.
				Mergers and acquisitions are transactions in which the ownership of companies, other business organizations, or their operating units are transferred or consolidated with other entities. Mergers are the combination of two companies to form one, while acquisitions are one company being taken over by the other.
		Open Partial Double-Octofinals
			That we, as original producers of non-Western films, would deny Hollywood the right to produce remakes, unless a quota for non-Western actors/actresses is guaranteed.
			That we prefer transformative to curatorial fandom.
				Curatorial fandom involves the collection and curation of information about an original work, with a focus on preserving and memorialising details of the work in its original form - for example, through ranking characters or episodes in a series. Transformative fandom involves the transformation of the original work into new forms, with a focus on finding better ways to relate to the work as an individual - for example, through fan art or fan fiction.
			That Disney should remove from circulation cartoons from its history that contain racist caricatures.
				A caricature is a depiction of a person in which certain striking characteristics are exaggerated in order to create a comic or grotesque effect. When applied to a group of people at large, this takes the form of stereotyped portrayals of that group. Over the years, Disney has released many movies that contain distinctly racist portrayals of racial groups. Most prominently, Song of the South has been widely criticised for racist portrayals of African Americans, Lady and the Tramp contains "Siamese Cat Song" - which draws on Asian stereotypes - and Dumbo draws on minstrel-show stereotypes for its crow characters.
		ESL Octofinals
			That we support the creation of children's literature which teaches that people are neither good nor evil.
			That we should abolish literary awards (e.g. the Man Booker Prize, the Nobel Prize for Literature).
			That we regret the stigmatisation of hedonistic lifestyles.
		Open Octofinals
			That, as minorities, we would engage with respectability politics.
				Respectability politics is a set of beliefs holding that conformity to socially acceptable or mainstream standards of appearance and behaviour will lead them into achieving respect and thus getting better treatment from others.
			That we would require companies to use absolute blind recruitment.
				Absolute blind recruitment is the process of removing any and all identification details from candidates' resumes and applications, such as but not limited to your school, gender, religion, and any other socioeconomic background.
			That we should stop the practice of requiring community's approval to build houses of worship.
		EFL Quarter Finals
			That the state should pay reparations to individuals convicted in the past for actions that are no longer recognised as a crime.
			That criminal trials should proceed even when the accused is deceased.
			That the state's failure to address a pandemic should be considered as a crime against humanity.
		ESL Quarterfinals
			That non-Western LGBTQ activists should reject sex positivity.
				Sex positivity is an attitude towards human sexuality that regards all consensual sexual activities as fundamentally healthy and pleasurable, encouraging sexual pleasure and experimentation.
			That we regret the belief that individuals possess defined personality traits.
				"Personality traits" broadly reflect and summarise individuals' characteristic patterns of thoughts, feelings and behaviours. They are commonly thought to be "defined", in the sense of being both stable and consistent: people who are extroverts, for instance, are usually perceived as being likely to be sociable and outgoing across a variety of different situations and over time.
			That portrayals of religious deities and prophets in media should receive prior approval from relevant religious authorities.
		Open Quarterfinals
			That the European Central Bank should monetise the government deficits of Eurozone countries experiencing financial crises.
				Monetary financing, or the monetisation of government deficits, is a monetary policy whereby a central bank purchases debt directly from that country's government in order to finance a government deficit. This has two effects: it (1) facilitates government spending, and (2) increases the supply of money in an economy. Monetising government deficits differs from quantitative easing in the sense that the former involves purchasing bonds directly from the government, whereas the latter involves buying bonds and other financial assets on the secondary (i.e. open) market. The European Central Bank is different to many central banks because it performs the typical functions of a central bank across all countries which use the Euro.
			That we should reallocate public investment funds from start-ups to traditional small and medium-sized enterprises.
				A start-up is a company in the first stage of its operations, often being financed by its entrepreneurial founders during the initial starting period. Small and mid-size enterprises (SMEs) are established businesses that maintain revenues, assets, or a number of employees below a certain size.
			That we should allow parents to sell shares in their children’s future income streams.
		EFL Semifinals
			That it is illegitimate for states to limit immigration unless there is a clear threat to national security.
			That we regret the rise of nation-states built around exclusive notions of language, race, and religion.
			That developing countries should prioritise the massive construction of infrastructure over the direct provision of high subsidies and social welfare.
		ESL Semifinals
			That, as developing nations, we would prefer to align with China than the United States.
			That ASEAN should transform itself into a political union.
			That Western companies with a significant number of employees from the Indian diaspora should actively campaign against the caste system.
				The caste system divides Hindus into rigid hierarchical groups that dictate almost every aspect of Hindu religious and social life. Although it has long been outlawed in India, it is still informally practiced through surnames, marriage and business alliances, and the formation of political parties that cater to caste groups. Caste prejudice and discrimination is also rife within Indian communities abroad, in the United States and other countries.
		Open Semifinals
			That we regret narratives which portray human progress as inevitable.
			That we regret the emphasis placed on individual rights by social justice movements.
				Individual rights are rights which can be held and exercised by individuals. Even if such rights are group-differentiated, they remain individual if they can be held and exercised by individuals themselves. For example, same-sex marriage is an individual right because it is held and can be exercised by individual members of the LGBTQ community. In contrast, group rights are rights which are held and exercised by groups. One example is the right to engage in collective bargaining; a person cannot exercise their right to collectively bargain themselves; they must do so with other people in a group.
			That, in countries where military service is mandatory only for men, as self-proclaimed feminist women, we would actively volunteer in the military.
		EFL Grand Final
			That France should abandon the principle of laïcité.
				Laïcité (pronounced la-ee-si-teh) is a foundational constitutional principle of the modern French Republic which stipulates that religion should not influence political affairs and vice versa. It is reflected in a wide range of both policies and social norms, including a ban on wearing conspicuous religious symbols in public schools; a ban on the provision of government financial support to religious organisations; and a norm that political leaders should refrain from making openly religious remarks.
			That activist movements should embrace cancel culture as a tool to promote social change.
				Cancel culture refers to the popular practice of withdrawing support (canceling) for public figures and companies after they have done or said something considered objectionable or offensive.
			That it is morally wrong to use subconscious manipulation to nudge citizens towards socially desirable choices.
				‘Nudging’, or Nudge Theory, is a concept in behavioural economics, political theory, and behavioural sciences, which proposes positive reinforcement and indirect suggestions as ways to influence the behaviour and decision making of groups or individuals.
		ESL Grand Final
			That capitalism is incompatible with racial equality.
			That, as a woman of colour living in a majority-white country, we would embrace, compete in and establish national beauty pageants for women of our ethnic heritage.
			That we, as a Catholic priest, would actively endorse liberal values that do not align with the Catholic Church.
		Open Grand Final
			That, as environmentalists, we would choose a strategy of working closely with corporations.
			That we should grant legal personhood to culturally significant features of the natural environment.
				In law, a legal person is any person or entity that can do the things a person can usually do in law – such as enter into contracts, sue and be sued, own property, and so on. Some legal persons are not people: companies and corporations are "persons" legally speaking (they can legally do most of the things an ordinary person can do).
			That we support compassionate conservation.
				Compassionate conservation is an interdisciplinary approach which combines the historically separate (and often contradictory) fields of conservation and animal welfare. Among its foundational principles are the notion that conservationists should do no harm and be concerned with the welfare of individual animals. Compassionate conservation therefore opposes the culling of invasive species and other practices which involve causing significant harm to individual animals, and instead supports measures such as reintroducing endangered species to areas without invasive species (e.g. islands) or introducing new species to protect existing ones (e.g. the introduction of dogs to Phillip Island, Australia, to protect the local penguin population from wild foxes).
	Bali Australs 2019
		R1
			That the United States should adopt a single payer insurance scheme instead of offering a public option in the private insurance market.
				Single-payer is a more general term used to describe a government-funded and run system in which everyone gets health care from one insurer. The ‘public option’ is a proposal to create a government-run health insurance agency that would compete with other private health insurance companies within the United States.
			That progressive politicians in the United States should boycott Fox News.
			That the Democratic party should elect a centrist candidate for the upcoming United States presidential election.
		R2
			That we should use predictive data to assess the age at which individuals should qualify for retirement pension payments, rather than a standardised retirement age.
				Data about their type of occupation, age, gender, and the health status of individuals can be regularly updated and used to predict when they are likely to be no longer physically capable of working.
			That we support greater restrictions on migrants’ access to civic rights (welfare, healthcare, voting rights, etc.) in exchange for more open immigration.
			That we should allow parents to raise babies behind bars.
		R3
			That the international community should recognize Somaliland as an independent and sovereign nation.
			That, as Sudan’s Transitional Military Council (TMC), we would hand Omar al-Bashir over to the International Criminal Court.
				Thousands of protesters took to the streets of Sudan in December 2018 and protests are still ongoing. It led to the removal of Omar al-Bashir from power, who had ruled Sudan with an iron fist for 3 decades. The Transitional Military Council (TMC) was set up, which promised elections in around a year. However, most of the protesters are not satisfied, and have continued to protest because they want an immediate transition to civilian rule. The TMC ‘arrested’ Omar al-Bashir, but he has been kept in very comfortable conditions and protesters suspect it is just a ruse.
			Assuming the Sudanese civilians manage to take power from the military, That the new civilian government should revert to its pre-1970 flag.
				The current flag of Sudan was adopted on 20 May 1970. The flag is based on the Arab Liberation Flag shared by Egypt, Iraq, Syria and Yemen that uses a subset of the Pan-Arab colours, symbolising a shift towards Pan-Arabism. Prior to the 1969 military coup of Gaafar Nimeiry, a blue-yellow-green tricolour design was used. The colours of the flag represented the River Nile (blue), the Sahara (yellow) and farmlands (green). They were chosen as they were neutral between ethnic groups and political parties.
		R4
			That, as an evangelical conservative leader in a red/swing state, we should endorse a third party candidate (such as Evan McMullan) instead of Donald Trump.
			That we regret the commercialisation of cultural/religious festivals.
			That you should start a new religion.
				You live in a patriarchal and conservative society. You believe that the fastest way to get change would be to claim God spoke to you and anoint yourself prophet of a new religion. You have confidence you will amass a strong set of followers. The only way to ensure success however, is to claim that what God said to you is final, and this is the absolute best version of moral laws.
		R5
			That we should ban the short-selling of shares.
				Shorting, or short-selling, is when an investor borrows shares and immediately sells them, hoping he or she can scoop them up later at a lower price, return them to the lender and pocket the difference.
			That we should force large companies to be fully publicly listed.
			That self-described ‘socially responsible investors’ should engage in shareholder activism with companies that have poor ethical records rather than excluding them from their portfolios.
				Shareholder activism involves engaging with companies in order to positively influence their behaviour.
		R6
			That we regret the prominent usage of self-deprecating humour by female comedians.
			That we support the #OwnVoices campaign that says authors should only write from the perspective of their own lived experiences and stories.
			That minority movements should abandon the strategy of ‘reclaiming’ words used as slurs.
		R7
			That, as an Islamic political party in a democracy (e.g. PAS in Malaysia, National Awakening Party PKB in Indonesia, Jamaat e Islami in Pakistan and Bangladesh) we would abandon an agenda of Islamic political reform and focus instead on provision of social services.
			That, as Qatar, we would abandon all attempts to reconcile with the Saudi coalition.
			That India should remove Articles 35A and 370 of the Indian Constitution.
				Section 35A of the Indian Constitution gives special protections to the legislature of Indian-controlled Kashmir. Specifically, it allows the legislature of that state to define who is a resident of the state of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K), and prevent non-residents of the state from acquiring land within the state or settling there. Section 370 of the Constitution gives the state full autonomy from the central government on all issues other than defence, foreign affairs and communications. Together, these two sections make Kashmir functionally autonomous. J&K is the only Muslim-majority state in India.
		R8
			That we should abolish cash bail and replace it with an algorithmic risk assessment.
				‘Cash bail’ refers to leaving a sum of money with police departments in order to be released from jail after being charged with a crime but before the verdict; if you do not comply with a set of conditions including returning to face the trial, the money is forfeited. If a suspect cannot pay bail they are not released. ‘Algorithmic risk assessment’ is when a formula calculates the probability of a plaintiff’s return to face trial, and only releases them if that probability is above a certain, defined threshold.
			That reputational damage should not be a mitigating factor in criminal sentencing.
			That we should nationalise all provision of legal services.
		OF
			That, as China, we would suspend rare earth mineral exports to the United States in response to the trade war.
			That, as Hong Kong, we would prefer having remained under British rule rather than reverting to China.
			That, as the Chinese Communist Party, we would officially acknowledge and express regret for the Tiananmen massacre.
		QF
			That social media platforms should be held legally part-liable for hosted content that passes a certain threshold of ‘clout’ (e.g. pageviews).
			That we oppose the development of implantable Direct Cortical Interfaces.
				A “”Direct Cortical Interface”” (DCI) is a brain-machine interface that aims to connect humans to computers. While the technology for DCIs remains in its infancy, if developed, DCIs potentially allow humans to reach higher levels of cognition.
			That we prefer a world where digital anonymity is and was the norm.
		Open/ESL SF
			That we regret the impeachment of Dilma Rousseff in Brazil.
				Dilma Rousseff was the president of Brazil from 2011 until her impeachment in 2016. She represented the Workers’ Party (PT), a democratic socialist party responsible for a number of progressive reforms in Brazil such as mass expansion of the country’s welfare system after they took power in 2003. In 2016 she was impeached by parliament on grounds of corruption. At the 2018 elections, Brazil elected Jair Bolsonaro as president.
			That we support federalism in the Philippines.
				The Philippines has 17 administrative regions of various ethnicities and cultures. It is a Christian-majority country, with a small Muslim population. Most Muslims live in parts of Mindanao, Palawan, and the Sulu Archipelago. Currently power is concentrated in the central government. However, there is a strong push towards federalism, allowing the 17 provinces greater autonomy over their respective regions. One of the largest proponents of increased federalism is President Rodrigo Duterte, who made it one of his major campaign promises back in 2016. Some political dynasties, Muslim groups, as well as allies of President Duterte are also in support of federalism.
			That parliamentary democracies should have an upper house with randomly selected citizens.
				An upper house is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature (or one of three chambers of a tricameral legislature), the other chamber being the lower house. The house formally designated as the upper house is usually smaller and often has more restricted power than the lower house.
		GF
			That we regret the belief that there is inherent value in martyrdom.
			That we regret the norm of parents financially supporting their children after they become adults.
			That we regret the vilification of communism.
		ESL GF
			That the ICC should abolish the principle of complementarity.
				The principle of complementarity means that the International Criminal Court(ICC) will only prosecute an individual if states are unwilling or unable to prosecute. Therefore, if legitimate national investigations or proceedings into crimes have taken place or are ongoing, the Court will not initiate proceedings. This principle applies regardless of the outcome of national proceedings. Even if an investigation is closed without any criminal charges being filed or if an accused person is acquitted by a national court, the Court will not prosecute an individual for the crime in question so long as it is satisfied that the national proceedings were legitimate.
			That we should abolish the Common Agricultural Policy.
				The Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) is the agricultural policy of the European Union. It implements a system of agricultural subsidies, tariffs and quotas on imports of agricultural goods into the EU, and market interventions to boost prices paid to farmers within the EU for agricultural products
			That investment in sport should prioritise funding grassroots and community sports as opposed to elite athletes.
		EFL GF
			That wealthy environmentalists should purchase land and not allow mining or drilling on it, instead of donating to political campaigns for government regulations.
			That activist groups against companies with poor ethical records that sell physical products (ie. Nike), should protest by stealing merchandise from stores, distributors and factories.
			That climate change activists should exclusively focus on changing the behaviour of governments and big businesses (rather than campaigning for individuals to make small changes in their own lives).
	Australs 2018
		R1
			That we should select the players of national sporting teams by public referendum.
			That, as authorities such as the World Boxing Association and the Ultimate Fighting Championship, we would prohibit competitor trash talking.
			That all world records in sports where doping was historically frequent should be wiped clean.
		R2
			That we regret the romanticisation of success stories in education.
			That western countries should stop offering university scholarships to family members of ruling elites in developing countries.
			That academic journals have an ethical responsibility to reject submissions that defend colonialism.
		R3
			That we should replace progressive income tax systems with a progressive Zakat system.
				Zakat is an Islamic system of income redistribution where, each year, individuals have to pay a portion of their assets (including cash, property, and marketable securities) to the poor. It can also be collectively pooled and used for social welfare projects by the government.
			That we support governments using social impact bonds to address social problems.
				A Social Impact Bond is a funding model where governments arrange for private investors to fund a service provider to solve a social problem. The government only repays the investors if the project is successful. Metrics for success are set out in the original contract. If successful, the government repays the investors’ upfront investment plus an additional premium. Examples of social impact bonds include: In the US, Goldman Sachs bought a bond to reduce prisoner recidivism in New York, and will only receive a return if teenage recidivism is reduced by more than 10%. In Australia, the NSW Government arranged for investors to invest in a program that seeks to prevent family breakdown by keeping children in their families, rather than out of home care. The higher the rate of children staying in their families, the more the government repays the investors.
			That we should cap the loan limits given by banks to the largest company to 10 times the loan limits given to the smallest company.
		R4
			That progressives should campaign for the right to polygamous marriage.
			That we would prefer a world where everyone is gay.
			That women over 50 should be banned from accessing IVF (in-vitro fertilisation) treatment.
		R5
			That we should abolish village councils in India.
				India’s traditional village councils (panchayats) are local self-governance systems that operate in rural villages or remote small-towns. These Councils are comprised of local elders. They function as de-facto courts that adjudicate all disputes (civil and criminal) that arise within these villages and issue punishments at their own discretion.
			That countries should impose tariffs on China in retaliation for the Made in China 2025 policy.
				The Made in China 2025 policy is the Chinese Communist Party’s $US300 billion plan to heavily subsidise emerging manufacturing industries including robotics, autonomous cars, AI, biotech and aviation, in order to make China self sufficient in those sectors. There are also recurring concerns that China is pursuing this policy in part by stealing other countries’ intellectual property.
			That, as UMNO, we should maintain our ethno-religious centric political platform.
				United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) is Malaysia’s leading Opposition political party. They were the founding and largest members of the Barisan Nasional Coalition that ruled in Malaysia for over 50 years until the recent election. UMNO’s political platform has always been to privilege ethnic Malay-Muslims.
		R6
			That, as Disney, we would return to making animated films with darker themes.
				Many films in the Disney Renaissance era featured dark story themes that are less present in Disney films today. For example, ‘The Hunchback of Notre Dame’ featured themes such as lust, infanticide, damnation and sin; ‘Pocahontas’ featured themes such as colonialism and murder; and ‘The Lion King’ featured a fairly visceral on-screen murder.
			That we support fil, TV and literature that depicts historical events being resolved for the worse (eg. Germany winning WW2, the South winning the Civil War, etc.)
			That entertainment platforms (eg. Spotify, Netflix) should remove works from entertainers who have committed immoral or criminal acts in their personal lives.
		R7
			That we prefer the portrayal of God as an imperfect being.
			That businesses should be allowed to deny services to customers on religious grounds.
			That we, as a religious leader, would focus on behaviour of the members of our religious organisation rather than the behaviour of non-members and broader social issues.
		R8
			That individuals convicted for crimes that were later legalised should be retroactively released from prison (If applicable), cleared of all charges and compensated.
			That we should never prosecute individuals with low intellectual functioning.
			That criminal justice policy should be outsourced to technocrats instead of elected representatives.
		Double-OF
			That we should impose term limits on political parties ruling federal governments (either singularly or in a coalition)
			That the Democrats should actively prioritise fielding minority candidates in the 2018 mid-term elections.
			That liberal European voters should abandon left-wing political parties and vote for centre-right parties instead.
		OF
			That we support pop culture icons (eg. Beyonce) celebrating Black Power groups (eg. the Black Panther Party & Black Liberation Army) in their work.
			That we support the narrative that we should celebrate differences with other people, rather than find commonalities with them.
			That we support the appropriation of cultural festivals (eg. Cinque de Mayo and Holy in the USA).
		EFL/OPEN QF
			That, assuming doctors could objectively quantify a patient’s pain on a scale of 0 to 10, they should be banned from prescribing painkillers to any patient below a 6 on the scale.
				A pain scale measures a patient’s pain intensity. Pain scales are based on trust where a patient ‘self-reports’ the pain they feel on a scale of 0 to 10 to doctors, who then prescribe them painkillers accordingly.
			That we should force pharmaceutical companies to allocate a percentage of their net income to research of critical diseases.
			That we should allow insurance companies to offer the terminally ill a 50% rebate on expected costs of end-of-life care in exchange for forgoing that care.
		EFL/OPEN SF
			That the African Union should cap the use of cultivated land for non-food crops (eg. biofuels, timber) in all member states.
			That the United States should re-enter Afghanistan to help the government regain control over lost territories.
			That, as the United States, we should launch a global infrastructure investment project to rival China’s Belt and Road Initiative.
		GF
			That we support a narrative that one’s life has no inherent meaning, and that one creates it for themselves.
			That, if it existed, we would support non-sentient artificial intelligence that imitated deceased loved ones in appearance, personality and mannerisms.
			That we support a world government.
		ESL GF
			That we support developing nations marketing themselves as destinations for ‘good time tourism’.
				‘Good time tourism’ refers to every form of tourism that allows tourists to engage in activities generally considered illegal or socially unacceptable elsewhere (e.g. prostitution, drugs, etc.).
			That the environmental movement should renounce all ties to advocates for population control.
			That we should legalise the sale of children.
		EFL GF
			Assuming it will not be discovered, that the media should declare the attacker as a white, non-Muslim individual.
				[Context] There has been a terrorist attack in a major European city. The suicide bomber’s body has been discovered, but cannot be identified clearly as it has been badly damaged by the blast.
			That Ukraine should censor Russia’s fake news instead of debunking it.
			That we prefer a world where news institutions choose advertising instead of subscriptions as a revenue source.
	UQ Australs 2017
		R1
			That we should require prospective parents to obtain a parenting licence prior to having children.
			That we should allow pro-life organisations to pay women considering abortion to carry their pregnancies to term.
			Assuming it is possible to copy the consciousness of the deceased onto another person, that we should allow the parents of deceased children to do so onto orphaned infants.
		R2
			That we should oppose fashion and beauty as tools of gendered self-expression (e.g. wearing of heels and makeup).
			That we regret the trend away from valuing art for its technical qualities in favour of abstract characteristics (e.g. conceptual intent, contextual appreciation, uniqueness).
			That you should not solve the murder in the remaining episodes.
				You are the show runner of a murder mystery TV series on a major broadcasting channel. The plot for the show was to be 3 seasons long, with the murder to be solved near the end of the final season. The show receives critical acclaim and has a loyal core audience. However, it is not commercially successful, and midway through filming the 2nd season you are told it will not be renewed for a 3rd season.
		R3
			In countries with a quota for refugees, that governments should allow and facilitate citizens to offer asylum to additional refugees in their homes.
			That progressive media in the Philippines should not self-censor coverage of extra-judicial killings where they involve victims with serious criminal histories (e.g. known drug lords).
			That the West should provide international assistance to the North Korean regime for the exploration, extraction and development of Rare Earth Minerals (REM).
				North Korea has up to 20 million tons of Rare Earth Mineral (REM) deposits, but does not have the technology to explore its reserves or to produce high-tech goods. REMs are necessary in technologies. Known REM reserves in the world are almost entirely located within China.
		R4
			That we should nationalise all residential housing.
			That we should require professional sports leagues to require open entry and exit for new and existing franchises.
			That we should cap lending to any individual, household or company below a maximum debt-to-income ratio.
				A debt to income ratio is the ratio of debt an individual or entity holds relative to their income. For example, if I have $500,000 of debt and a salary of $100,000, my debt to income ratio is 5: 1.
		R5
			That we support a pedophile rights movement.
			That we should abolish national representative sporting teams.
			That we support a men’s rights movement.
		R6
			That all European Union member states should hold simultaneous referenda on their EU membership.
			That we support China’s cap on foreign made films.
				The Chinese Government caps the number of foreign made films commercially shown in China per year (34 films were shown in 2016). Films allowed under the cap are selected based on likely revenue (which is shared with Chinese Government) and whether the film portrays China in a positive light and/or incorporates elements of Chinese culture or Chinese actors.
			That the Clintons should cease all engagement in US politics and public life.
		R7
			That we should ban individuals from self-harm as a form of religious penance.
			That, in secular states, religiosity should be an aggravating factor in sentencing crimes which go against the teachings of the offender’s religion.
			That anti-theists should donate to, and actively support progressive and/or liberal churches.
		R8
			That the state should compensate individuals who are found ‘not guilty’ at trial.
			That mediation should be mandatory before initiating court proceedings in family law.
			That all trials should be incorporeal trials.
				An “Incorporeal trial” is a regular criminal/civil trial that abolishes physical hearings. The judge and/or jury will still preside over the case with documents and evidence submitted for the purpose of adjudication and sentencing. However, the lawyers, plaintiff and defendant are not physically present. Cross examination will be conducted via written text or voice recordings, and submitted as such.
		ESL SF
			That schools should prioritise teachers’ knowledge of their subject area over their knowledge of pedagogy and educational theory.
				Pedagogy: Method and practice of teaching/learning
			That, as a teacher, we should contradict curriculum that we believe will be harmful to society.
			That we support the creation of body corporate/owners corporation/strata community in which owners are able to make prescriptive rules and regulations to live in the community, and can forcibly remove owners who do not comply.
		ESL GF
			That we should allow organ donors, or their families in case of death, the right to stipulate the recipient of an organ donation.
			That, where commercial surrogacy is legal, surrogates should be permitted to unilaterally withdraw from surrogacy contracts at any point, without any liability.
			That we regret the assumption that people who work in community-based or care professions do so out of genuine emotional attachment (e.g that nurses care about their patients, or teachers about their students).
		Open OF
			That feminists should support the provision of wife bonuses in pre-nuptial agreements.
				A ‘wife bonus’ is a provision in a pre-nuptial agreement which awards additional money to a woman on the execution of particular domestic achievements (e.g. keeping to a particular grocery budget, keeping a tidy house, getting the kids into a good school).
			That we regret the concept of unconditional love.
			That, in jurisdictions with abortion on demand, we should allow paper abortion.
				Paper abortion is the ability of the biological father, before the birth of the child, to opt out of any rights, privileges, and responsibilities toward the child, including financial support.
		Open QF
			That the Baltic states (Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia) should train their civilian populations in armed insurgency.
			That we support the mobilisation of Shia militia (eg. People’s mobilisation forces) in the battle against the Islamic State.
			That a state pursuing policies with the effect of denying other states access to essential resources (food, water, etc.) that could not otherwise be obtained, should be legitimate grounds for military action.
		Open SF
			That we would deny land rights to, and if necessary, forcefully relocate indigenous communities whose culture and way of life are responsible for environmental degradation (eg. timber plundering, destruction of high conservation value areas, seal clubbing, etc.).
			That Black Lives Matter should closely integrate the black church and elements of black liberation theology (the narrative that liberating the oppressed is the core of Christian doctrine) into its organisational structure and doctrines.
			That Muslims should abandon the usage of the label ‘moderate Muslim’ in identifying themselves.
		Open GF
			That we support the creation of autonomously governed ocean-based communities (ie. seasteading).
			That we should require businesses who profit from cultural traditions (ethnic restaurants/cultural tourism/yoga studios) to obtain a licence from minority community groups, based on conditions of their choosing.
			That European States which remained neutral during World War II should pay compensation to States occupied by Nazi Germany.
	Perth Australs 2016
		R1
			That where private prisons exist, they should be allowed to train/educate inmates in return for a percentage of that prisoner’s income that they earn after they leave prison.
			That we should ban litigation funding.
			That the state should fully compensate the victims of crimes committed by recidivist criminals.
		R2
			That we should allow people to sue media companies over harms that are created due to factual misinformation that they published.
			That we should regret dating/hookup websites allowing their users filtering results on the basis of demographic characteristics (race, gender, age etc.).
			That Facebook should proactively suppress extremist content.
		R3
			That we should reject the culture of fearing death.
			That we would prefer a world with only one language.
			That humans should attempt to suppress their sense of beauty.
		R4
			That public universities should not implement speech codes or codes of conduct that limit expression beyond the laws of that country.
			That we should regret the increasing dominance of academic discourse in civil rights movements (e.g. gender studies to feminism and queer studies to that queer rights movement)
			That universities and companies should only be allowed to recruit students and employees via a blind application process.
		R5
			That we should ban animal eugenics programmes (e.g.: selective breeding and pure breeding).
			That we should cease all state initiated conservation projects.
			That we should oppose giving human rights to individual animals who pass self-recognition tests unless the whole species are granted those rights.
		R6
			That citizenships should be placed on an international market for sale and purchase.
			That the European Union should opt for less integration among its current member states
			That refugees should be able to bypass standard refugee quotas and procedures if they have an individual citizen take responsibility for them.
		R7
			That we should legalize secondary strikes/solidarity action. (industrial action taken by a workforce in support of another, separate workforce)
			That we should allow employees to give up workplace rights in exchange for higher wages.
			That we would prefer a world where the norm is that people hold multiple part time jobs instead of the current norm of one full time job.
		R8
			That where the state has negotiated a sale of public land they must first offer indigenous groups the chance to purchase the land on the same terms.
			That the state should exclusively focus on rectifying current inequalities to the exclusion of compensating for historical injustices.
			That local communities should be able to cap the number of tourists that enter their region over a specific period of time.
		ESL SF
			That the narrative that charitable initiatives can be profitable (e.g. micro-financing, impact investment) has done more harm than good.
			That charities should not accept donations made by public figures as part of a public apology (e.g. public figures who are criticised for being misogynists and then donate to domestic violence charities).
			That the state should not provide legal recognition and support to charities whose main goal is to raise awareness.
		ESL GF
			That we should oppose the Teach for All programme.
			That as a middle class African-American parent, given the choice between an under-performing but predominantly African American school and a high performing but predominantly white school, we should choose to send our children to the predominantly African-American school.
			That we should give control of education curriculum administration and policy (eg teacher pay and curricula) to teachers’ unions.
		Open OF
			That, where home schooling exists, we should ban religious individuals from homeschooling their children.
			That we, as the Catholic Church, would abolish sainthoods and canonisation.
			That individuals should always have the right to temporarily enter a state for the purposes of pilgrimage.
		Open QF
			That we regret the efforts of the United States to make housing more affordable.
			That we, as China, should compensate venture capital/private equity firms for investment losses in China.
			That the pro-Palestine movement should not liken Israel to apartheid.
		Open SF
			That we should abolish corporate/company tax.
			That we should establish an international body responsible for taxing and redistributing income earned by multi-national corporations such as Facebook and Google.
			That we should allow income splitting. (Income splitting allows a person to allocate part of their income to their partner for tax purposes. e.g. Kirkby earns $0, Nick earns $100,000. Each is taxed at $50,000 each. It is not taxing them at $100,000 as if they are one person.)
		Open GF
			That the modern breast feeding movement has done more harm than good.
			That feminists should oppose drag culture.
			That feminists should refrain from using the act of sex to further their personal or political goals.
	SolBridge Australs 2015
		R1
			That we should prohibit police departments from having specialised public relations staff
			That jurors should be allowed to directly cross examine witnesses
			That we should remove statutes of limitation for all crimes
			(Statues of limitation are laws that restrict prosecutors from prosecuting someone for a crime committed more than a specified number of years ago.)
		R2
			That those who live in states that suffer rampant corruption should evade tax
			That we welcome China’s establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as an alternative to the International Monetary Fund
			That we should allow citizens to donate to recognised charities of their own choosing instead of paying income tax
		R3
			That we should refrain from characterising villains of history as monsters
			That curricula in post-colonial states should focus on locally-authored literature, to the absolute exclusion of ‘great work’ such as Shakespeare
			That the media should have suppressed any reference to Dylan Roof’s mental illness, and instead focus exclusively on racism as an explanation for Charleston massacre.
		R4
			That we should make Boards of Trustees at colleges and universities personally liable for sexual crimes committed by their students against other students
			That any potential romantic partners or professional sports players should deny them all physical and emotional contact until clubs and sports authorities agree to structural reforms to combat sexism
			That we should permanently remove men who abuse their partners from secluded communities where domestic violence is entrenched.
		R5
			That Germany should prosecute United States government officials for torture in German courts, regardless of their participation in the trial
			That member states of the International Criminal Court should be required to violate sovereignty to make arrests on behalf of the ICC
			That we regret the Arabisation of Islam in South East Asia
		R6
			That as a progressive person, we regret the changes made to the Catholic Church and its direction ushered in by Pope Francis
			That religious organisations should be exempt from employment discrimination law when hiring for ‘non-religious’ roles (e.g. secretaries, doctors, contractors)
			That we regret the involvement of the church, its leaders and the language of religion (i.e. redemption, absolution) in truth and conciliation processes.
		R7
			Presuming it were possible, That we would opt for a digital existence over a physical one
			Presuming feasibility, That we should allow individuals to selectively erase others’ memories of them
			In a world where it exists, That love with artificial intelligence is as valid as love with a human
		R8
			That we regret Iraq’s policy of offering its citizens large sums of money to personally kill terrorist militants
			That Western states should block ransom payments made by families for the release of ISIS captives
			In the face of an overwhelming failure of conventional responses by nation-states, That churches should encourage and materially support able members of their congregation to go and fight against ISIS
		EFL SF
			That governments who fail to disaster-proof should be held liable for the deaths of their citizens in the event of a natural disaster
			That Greece should sell sovereign control over portions of its territory to private companies in order to finance its debt repayment
			That we celebrate the proliferation of regionally specific human rights instruments such as the Arab Charter on Human Rights, despite deviations from the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
		EFL GF
			That companies should be compelled to finance their female employees to freeze their eggs and subsequently undergo in vitro fertilisation (IVF)
			Where conflicts have disproportionately harmed women, That post-conflict states should exclusively appoint women to positions of leadership in the military
			That we should prosecute fathers who choose to walk out on their children for criminal negligence, irrespective of whether they pay child support
		ESL GF
			That journalists and media organisations who cover conflicts should be required to render reasonable assistance to the victims, even where it directly jeopardises their coverage
			That living people owe a moral obligation to preserve an equivalent to present standard of living for future generations
			That we should demonise neutral states that refrain from taking action in conflicts with a definitely identifiable oppressor
		Open OF
			That criminal justice policy should be outsourced to technocrats in place of elected representatives
			That political parties should be compelled to retain membership racially proportional to the population
			That within progressive social justice movements, allies from majorities ought to remain silent
		Open QF
			That states should not enter into international agreements that contain investor-state dispute settlement provisions
			That we should require companies that develop innovations disrupting established industries to pay compensation to the labour forces they make redundant
			That we should privatise the ocean
		Open SF
			That faced with a choice between purchasing desirable but non-essential products (e.g. Starbucks) over spending on alleviating suffering (e.g. donating to charity), that we ought to always do the latter
			That we should not prosecute those who, for reasons of mercy, kill family members who are physically or mentally incapable of consenting to death
			That the government should pre-emptively and aggressively intervene in individuals’ lives based on data-driven predictions in areas such as health, education and crime
		Open GF
			That African Americans should embrace claims made by white individuals, such as Rachel Dolezal, to identify as part of their community
			That we regret the commercialisation of Pride
			That we cannot achieve social justice
	Otago Australs 2014
		R1
			That vegetarians and vegans have a moral obligation to aggressively lobby their friends and community to not consume animal products
			That the West should not import food from nations with chronic food shortages
			That we should ban all advertising and education which implies that addictive or dangerous substances cannot be enjoyable
		R2
			That major transactions of professional sporting clubs should be subject to a vote of paid club members
			That there should be character tests for owning or participating in professional sporting teams
			That we should eject sporting teams from international competitions if their fans are found to have committed racist/sexist/queerphobic etc acts during matches
		R3
			That we regret the depiction of protagonists in children’s books and media as aesthetically superior
			That children should learn history as a unifying national story rather than a criticism of past generations
			That we should promote the notion that the decision to have a child is a selfish one
		R4
			That developed nations should pay developing nations to not extract their fossil fuel resources (coal, gas, oil)
			That governments should not preserve habitats purely for cultural or aesthetic reasons
			That rather than protecting endangered species the animal rights movement should prioritise maximising the total welfare of the animal population
		R5
			That corporations should be allowed to vote
			That we support an aggressively redistributive global income tax
			That, once sufficient welfare services have been provided to every citizen, the state should not care about relative inequality
		R6
			That couples should be able to enter relationship contracts which make any future infidelity a state-enforced crime
			That we should support online vigilantes to act against perpetrators of crime and police departments/prosecutors who fail to effectively prosecute them
			That we should grant overweight people the same protections from discrimination and hate speech as other vulnerable groups
		R7
			That we should abolish NATO
			That Modi’s victory over the Congress Party should be celebrated
			That ransoms should not be paid to Boko Haram
		R8
			That the feminist movement should exclude activists who argue that transwomen are not women
			That full equality between the sexes requires the complete abolition of femininity and masculinity
			That, as an attractive educated woman, we would choose to marry for money rather than pursue a career
		ESL SF
			That indigenous communities who have historically lived in the Amazon should not be punished for acts of vigilantism against poaches and illegal loggers
			That historically oppressed indigenous minorities should embrace and promote inaccurate but positive myths or beliefs about their culture
			That indigenous citizens should be paid a salary for life as a form of reparations
		ESL GF
			That we should ban volunteer tourism
			That First Ladies/Gentlemen should not publically advocate for policies or political positions during their partner’s term in office
			That we regret the American withdrawal from Iraq
		Open OF
			That the state should vet all advertisements intended for public spaces to ensure they do not perpetuate racist or sexist stereotypes
			That progressive public forums should actively recruit controversial, socially regressive speakers in order to spark public outrage and discussion
			That adoption organisations which preference, or facilitate biological parents’ preferences for, placing children in heterosexual homes should be closed
		Open QF
			That the West should force the immediate resignation of Nouri al-Maliki
			That reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah is bad for Palestine
			That, in spite of the opposition of the Burmese Government, the international community should set up a safehaven for the Rohingyas in Burma
		Open SF
			That the rise of the Tea Party Movement is good for liberal citizens of the United States of America
			That we regret that Barack Obama has not made his racial background a significant issue during his Presidency
			That it would be better for the United States of America if the Southern states were to secede
		Open GF
			That Western Liberal Democratic States should take an ongoing public stance against religion
			That assuming a medicinal method of becoming heterosexual was developed, it should be banned
			In a post-genocide society, the state should aggressively pursue housing policies which promote racial integration
	UT MARA Australs 2013
		R1: Education
			That universities should not have patents.
			That we would abolish tenure for university professors.
			That states that don’t provide free tertiary education should subsidize career paths for students that is useful for the state.
		R2: Sport
			That the English Premier League should significantly limit the number of foreign players per team .
			That professional sporting clubs should only b owned by the local authority of the area they represent.
			That we should ban players’ unions in major sporting leagues
		R3: Crime
			We should require criminal judges to be employed in a prison for 6 months prior to appointment to the bench.
			That illegally gathered evidence and information should be admissible in criminal trials
			That individuals who commit minor crimes should be allowed 2 convert their sentences into corporal punishment
		R4: Media
			That we should require all free-to-air TV stations to have and adequately fund 60min of ad-free news in prime time.
			That journalists should be required to lodge their sources with a press council for verification.
			That CEOs of major news companies should be democratically elected in open public elections.
		R5: Economics
			That countries should not seek to regulate digital currencies like the Bitcoin
			TWS prohibit credit rating agencies from disclaiming legal liability for the inaccuracy of their ratings
			TWS make lenders liable for the losses of low-income customers who are not given independent legal advice
		R6: Social Politics
			That we should make legislative deliberations & decisions on retirement age and superannuation private, anonymous, confidential and by the secret ballot.
			That we should support granting private administrative control of cities on the basis of charters
			That gay rights group should disavow the “Gay is the New Black” campaign.
		R7
			That the US should pay Chinese activists to combat the efforts of China’s ’50 Cent Party’
			That Detroit should sell the Detroit Institute of Art’s 1 billion USD collection to service it’s debts
			That Obama should grant Edward Snowden amnesty from all charges
		R8
			TWS refuse classification to films and TV shows that fail the Bechdel Test.
			TWS pay parental leave as equal and non-transferable portions of leave for each parent
			That progressive women’s groups should refrain from attacking female politicians regardless of their policies
		Adj Test
			That individuals should be allowed to sell their right to sue to one/more 3rd parties.
		ESL QF: politics
			That minimum standards of living should be legally enforceable in developing countries
			That political parties should abolish their military wings
			That we should select only women as diplomats to countries with poor rights standards for women
		ESL SF
			That China should establish military bases overseas.
			That Palestinians should not accept citizenship from Arab Nations.
			That we should require UN approval for the giving of military aid or selling of (words missing).
		ESL GF
			That the media should not have broadcast the footage of British soldier, Lee Rigby, being murdered in London.
		Open Pre-OF: Social Policy
			That the infacticide of newborns should not be punished beyond the penalty for unlawful late-term abortion.
			That it was wrong for parents to accept confidential settlements from the Catholic Church on behlaf of their children for abuse committed by clergymen.
			That Islamic states should set the curriculum of madrassas.
		Open OF: Environment
			That we should abolish Green Belt regulations. (Green Belt regulations prevent urban development beyond a certain geographic boundary.)
			That we should rewrite animal welfare standards to be uniform for each species of animal, regardless the animal’s use/context.
			That Obama should use the Environmental Protection Agency and other executive powers to aggressively combat climate change
		Open QF: The Middle East
			TWS support aggressive Palestinian protests, like property destruction, in illegal Israeli settlements
			That the Muslim Brotherhood should cooperate with Adly admin and accept Cabinet positions for ending protests against the interim gov
			That we regret the rise of the nation state in the Arab World
		Open SF: Law
			That we should abolish the criminal law, expand tort law and provide extra funding for the litigants
			That the standard or ‘responsibleness’ in criminal cases should never be influenced by prejudicial assumptions, even if held by the average person in that society.
			That the tax offices should be allowed to retrospectively declare acts of aggressive accounting, which expliot tax loopholes, illegal.
		GF
			That women should be criminally liable for harm to foetuses in utero as a result of their lifestyle choices
	Wellington Australs 2012
		R1: Sport
			TWS ban eating contests.
			That sporting leagues should never suspend players for off field behaviour.
			That developing nations should not host international sporting events.
		R2: Sin
			That the government should not receive any revenue from gambling beyond standard taxation.
			TWS require individuals to disclose that they carry STIs even if protection is used.
			That individuals should be required to pass drug tests in order to receive welfare benefits.
		R3: Ethics
			TWS grant higher-level primates more rights than other animals.
			That doctors should be required to perform medical procedures even when it conflicts with their beliefs.
			That employers should be allowed to discriminate on lifestyle factors (such as smoking and obesity) when hiring.
		R4: Growing Threats
			That NATO should invite former Eastern Bloc states to be members.
			That the UN should establish a standing military force.
			That the US should impose retaliatory tariffs on China for currency manipulation.
		R5: Food
			That the state should provide incentives for individuals to grow their own produce and buy locally.
			TWS adopt a vegetarian diet.
			TWS celebrate the growth of the fat pride movement.
		R6: Politics
			That developing nations should prohibit families of current or former politicians from running for office.
			TWS make voting mandatory.
			TWS ban all political campaign contributions.
		R7: Economics
			TWS introduce a tax on financial transations.
			That EU should create a common fiscal authority.
			That governments should not fund reconstruction in areas that are prone to natural disasters.
		R8: Law
			That where gay marriage is legal, religious institutions should be forced to conduct marriage ceremonies for gays.
			TWS force victims of domestic violence to testify in court.
			TWS criminalise prostitution.
		OF
			TWS repeal the individual mandate for healthcare in the
			TWS set term limits for US Supreme Court justices.
			That the US should declare an amnesty for all illegal immigrants.
		QF
			That the death of print media is bad for journalism
			That law enforcement should turn a blind eye to drug use and sale in designated areas.
			That families whose children perform well in school should receive bonus welfare payments
		ESL SF
			That media outlets should be allowed to report on the details of suicides.
			That the media should not report on the private lives of politicians.
			That there should be a minimum Body Mass Index (BMI) for women on television
		SF
			That we should have a one state solution for Israel and Palestine
			That the West should suppress pro-democracy movements which are against the West’s strategic interests
			That we should only grant amnesty to dictators at the conclusion of conflicts
		GF
			That we should introduce good samaritan laws
			That we should introduce a system of school vouchers
			That the state should stop subsidising monogamous relationships.
	Korea Australs 2011
		R1: Sport
			That sporting teams should not tour nations whose players have been found guilty of match fixing
			That sporting bodies should allow the use of al performance enhancing drugs
			That we should restrict access to international competitions for nations who abuse their athletes
		R2: Development
			That a fixed proportion of development aid should be allocated to microcredit schemes
			That developing nations should embrace medical tourism
			That the World Bank and IMP chairs should be selected on a rotational regional basis
		R3: Government
			That military officers should be allowed to criticize the governments
			That we should abolish parliamentary privilege as a defense to defamation
			That the public should directly elect US Supreme Court Justices
		R4: International relations
			That we should not sell uranium to India
			That Mexico should cease the war on drugs
			That South Korea should return to the Sunshine Policy
		R5: Economics
			That Greece should return to the Drachma
			That we should prohibit price gouging after natural disasters
			That we should recognize the necessity of sweatshops
		R6: Crime and punishment
			That the state should not fund medical care for those injured as a result of committing crimes
			That employers should not have access to job applicants’ criminal records
			That juries should return not guilty verdicts if they believe laws are unjust
		R7: Aboreligion
			That we should grant automatic asylum to women living in states which practice Shariah law.
			That the state should refuse to tolerate sexist indigenous cultural practices
			That it is legitimate to oppose religion by seeking out and exposing private immoral behavior of religious leaders
		R8: Illicit markets
			That we should allow the trade of endangered animals
			That states should forbid non-citizens from working in the sex industry in order to prevent human trafficking
			That we should be allowed to buy and sell children
		Double OF: Politics
			That politicians should be able to nominate certain campaign promises as legally binding on them upon assuming power
			That we should remove tax exempt status from any organization that funds or engages in political activity.
			That individuals should be able to direct portion of state funding for medical care to alternative medicines
		Open OF: International relations 2
			That we should recognize the independence of Somaliland
			That China should remove all restrictions on internal migration
			That colonial states have a duty to intervene in failed postcolonial states.
		QF: Environment
			That we should create a system of tradeable fishing quotas
			That we should allow indigenous groups to manage their own environmental resources as they see fit.
			That we should prohibit corporations from sponsoring academic research
		SF: Property
			That developing nations should sell sovereignty over autonomous zones to entrepreneurs
			That all artists should receive a percentage of the resale value of their work
			That developing nations should retaliate against developed-world protectionism by refusing to respect intellectual property laws
		GF: War
			That the US should close down all of its military basis in Asia
			That Israel should publicly admit possession of nuclear weapons
			That nations should use bounty hunters to capture or kill enemies
		ESL QF: Families
			That the receipt of family benefits should be conditional on the implantation of long-term contraceptives
			That welfare-dependent students who perform well academically should receive bonus payments
			That parents should receive extra vote per child in elections
		ESL SF: Media
			That there should be a minimum quota for domestically created content in media
			That media organizations should be required to provide equal airtime to all political parties
			That the government should not regulate or rate media content
		ESL GF: Institutions
			That the WTO should allow nations to place tariffs on imports that damage the environment
			That ASEAN should allow the free movement of labor
			That the ICC should only indict leaders at the conclusion of conflicts
	Auckland Australs 2010
		R1: Religion
			That we should prevent parents from raising their children in a particular religious faith
			That governments should refuse to recognise Scientology as a religion
			That it should be a crime to insult religions
		R2: Sport
			That we should ban the international trade in sportspeople under the age of 18
			That we should ban the private ownership of professional sporting clubs
			That all countries competing in the Olympics should have to include male and female athletes
		R3: Australia (and New Zealand)
			That New Zealand and Australia should remove the Fiji Government by force
			That New Zealand and Australia should place no restrictions migrants from Pacific countries, other than those relating to health and security
			That we support granting land rights to indigenous peoples as a means of redressing historical injustice
		R4: Families
			That infidelity should be a factor in the financial resolution of divorce
			That senior citizens should be financially supported (when required) by their adult children
			That courts should refuse to recognise pre-nuptial agreements
		R5: Asia
			That the US should not sell arms to Taiwan
			That China should abolish the ‘one child’ policy
			That the Philippines should have a Truth and Reconciliation Commission into the crimes of the Arroyo administration instead of criminal trials
		R6: Liberty, Freedom and Choice
			That we should prohibit the labelling of products as ‘fair trade’
			That we should prohibit discrimination in the labour market on the basis of physical attractiveness
			That we should end all government funding for health, education, and police measures that aim to prevent suicide
		R7: La Vieille Europe
			That the US should withdraw its military bases from Europe
			That we should say, au revoir, tot ziens, and, finally, partition Belgium
			That Turkish admission to the EU should be contingent upon a full recognition of the Armenian genocide
		R8: The Law
			That all defendants and victims in sexual assault trials should have their identity protected until a verdict is reached
			That socially progressive movements should use the courts to advance social change
			That we should prohibit private prisons
		OF: Learning
			That we should ban homeschooling
			That we support the use of school vouchers
			That we should link funding of schools to performance in standardised exams
		QF: Democracy
			That we should ban professional political lobbyists
			That the leaders of parliamentary parties should be chosen by party members rather than their parliamentary colleagues
			That individuals should be able to sell their vote
		ESL SF: Health
			That we should stop the search for the ‘gay gene’
			That we should abolish private health insurance
			That we should ban non-essential cosmetic surgery
		SF: Tax and Equality
			That there should be a constitutional limit on the regressiveness of the tax system
			That income tax levels should be determined by the relative privilege of an individual’s upbringing
			That we should use the tax system to subsidise the ownership of major businesses by members of disadvantaged social minorities
		ESL GF: Immigration
			That we should auction the right to immigrate
			That emigrants should pay an ‘exit tax’ when they change their citizenship
			That ASEAN should allow free and open movement of labour within its borders
		GF
			That the West should immediately withdraw from Afghanistan
			That the right to a minimum standard of living should be legally enforceable in developed countries
			That the International Criminal Court should allow for the prosecution of ‘crimes against the earth’
	Monash Australs 2009
		R1: Education
			That extra fees or donations above the actual cost of education should not be used to gain admission into university.
			That talented students should be taught separately from their peers.
			That indigenous people should have free and unqualified access to university.
		R2: Global Financial Crisis
			That Governments should bail out homeowners directly.
			That trade unions should have their power restricted during times of economic crisis.
			That Governments should obtain a majority stake in companies that they bail out.
		R3: Sexuality
			That the gay rights movement should not support the institution of marriage.
			That we should recognise the right of religious groups to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation.
			That sexual education classes at school should include, but not be limited to: sexual orientation, anal sex, mutual gratification and masturbation.
		R4: The Environment
			That population control should be part of any global approach to tackle climate change.
			That protection of the environment should be considered a mitigating factor when sentencing eco-terrorists.
			That the developed world should not sell contaminated material to the developing world for processing.
		R5: Borders
			That soldiers who have fought for foreign countries should be granted citizenship within the country that they fought for.
			That this house would open all borders.
			That the US should grant citizenship to all Guantanamo detainees regardless of guilt.
		R6: Latin America
			That the United States should stop funding the Columbian Government.
			That Latin American countries should take action against countries whose leaders took power through military coups.
			That the United States should stop buying Hugo Chavez’s oil.
		R7: Law
			That single parents in prison should be provided special treatment to allow them to raise their young children from behind bars.
			That parliamentarians should receive no compensation beyond their base salary.
			That employees of the United States Government who authorised or carried out “enhanced interrogation techniques” during the Bush administration should be prosecuted.
		R8: The “STOP” Round
			That we should ban celebrities from participating in political campaigns.
			That we should ban mail-order brides.
			That we should ban the use and development of all unmanned offensive military weaponry.
		OF
			That the international community should provide material support to the Iranian opposition
			That we should detain and search North Korean vessels suspected of carrying nuclear weapons technology.
			That aid to Pakistan should be conditional on allowing international forces to secure and monitor their nuclear weapons installations.
		QF
			That businesses should refuse to comply with China’s internet restrictions.
			That the hiring and firing by employers should not be influenced by information found on social networking sites.
			That the Government should subsidise print journalism.
		ESL SF
			That Western countries should ban the wearing of the burkha in public spaces.
			That Governments should not provide religious services to its military personnel.
			That aid agencies should not be allowed to undertake missionary activites.
		SF
			That water should not be privatised.
			That we should create an international market for the sale of babies.
			That we should create a global free market for the sale of all drugs.
		ESL GF
			That ASEAN should establish a Human Rights Court.
			That the European Parliament should be abolished.
		GF
			That Palestine should accept demilitarisation in return for a guaranteed sovereign state.
			That we should grant the Roma Gypsies a sovereign state.
			That we should divide Sudan.
	Ateneo Australs 2008
		R1: Conflict Zones
			That the UN should hire mercenaries for military operations.
			That African states should recognize Tsvangirai as the rightful leader of Zimbabwe.
			That we would respect China’s right to prosecute foreign athletes who protest at the Beijing Olympics.
		R2: Sin
			That we would ban groups that glorify obesity.
			That governments should not take any action to discourage individuals from smoking.
			That problem gamblers should have their welfare payments suspended.
		R3: Philippines
			That we should end US involvement in fighting terrorism in Southern Mindanao.
			That we have had enough People Power revolutions.
			That the Philippines should adopt Chavez-style land reforms.
		R4: Business and Trade
			That corporate regulators should have veto power over executive bonuses.
			That we would protect nationally important companies from ownership by foreign government entities.
			That the WTO should abandon consensus voting as the basis for decision-making.
		R5: Sustainable Development
			That areas of high ecological value should be returned to indigenous peoples for management.
			That arable lands should not be used for growing crops for bio-fuels.
			That individuals should be given carbon quotas.
		R6: Bois and Grrrls
			That we would create separate units for gays in the military.
			That governments should ban groups that seek to ‘straighten out’ gay men and women.
			That we would allow minors to have sex change operations.
		R7: Science and Tech
			That all state-funded projects should be open source.
			That genetic research that attributes negative traits to particular races should not be published.
			That nations should be able to charge licensing fees for the use of genetic information from their native plants and animals.
		R8: Democracy
			That candidates should be disallowed from using their own money to finance their campaigns.
			That the West should cease pressuring transitioning democracies to hold elections.
			That we would abolish political parties.
		Women’s debate
			That pre and post op transsexuals should be allowed into women-only organizations.
		ESL SF: Immigration
			That industrialized nations should be forced to accept climate change refugees.
			That states should remove all restrictions against the immigration of HIV-infected people.
			That medical workers from developing countries should not be allowed to migrate to the developed world.
		ESL GF: Energy
			That the price of petrol should be determined entirely by the market.
			That we would drill for oil in the arctic circle.
			That the production of non-hybrid cars should be stopped.
		OF: Health
			That hymen reconstruction surgeries should be banned.
			That IVF clinics should be stopped from implanting embryos known to have disabilities.
			That all restrictions on the advertising of prescription drugs should be removed.
		QF: US Racial Politics
			That we should vote for Barack Obama on the basis of his race.
			That low-income ethnic neighborhoods should be protected from gentrification.
			That Latinos should have the right to be taught in Spanish.
		SF: Pedophilia
			That we would abolish the crime of statutory rape.
			That police officers should be banned from posing as children on the internet to catch pedophiles.
			That capital punishment should be allowed in cases of child rape.
		GF: Weapons
			That international institutions should use force to restrict the sale of small arms to African nations.
			That gun ownership should be restricted to law enforcement agencies.
			That we should rely on mutual assured destruction rather than on nuclear non-proliferation.
	UT Mara Australs 2007
		R1: DEMOCRACY
			That presidential democracies should change to parliamentary democracies.
			That the media should be required to cap political advertising by candidates and parties during elections.
			That Tonga should abandon its absolute monarchy.
		R2: BIOETHICS
			That the West should not recognize clinical trials conducted in the Third World.
			That governments should abolish patent protection and instead establish a fund that guarantees payments for the development of new medicines for Third World diseases.
			That we should have a moratorium on genetically modified foods until they are proven to be safe.
		R3: MALAYSIA … TRULY ASIA
			That segregating universities on the basis of ethnicity should be abolished.
			That all Malaysians should come under the same civil code.
			That Malaysia should abolish compulsory national service.
		R4: The Dismal Science
			That governments in the Third World should reclaim ownership of basic services.
			That the WTO should enforce fair trade instead of free trade.
			That growth in happiness, not growth in GDP, should be the measure of success in developed countries.
		R5: LANGUAGE AND CULTURE
			That new citizens should be required to pass a language and values test.
			That we should strive to prevent endangered languages from becoming extinct.
			That the membership of the United Nations Security Council should represent the world’s major ‘civilizations’.
		R6: SECURITY IN ASIA PACIFIC
			That we should lift trade sanctions on North Korea as soon as it shuts and seals its nuclear facilities.
			That Sri Lanka should grant the Tamils statehood.
			That Australia should recruit soldiers from Pacific Island States.
		R7: THE NANNY STATE
			That democratic states should adopt Singapore’s law regarding oral sex.
			That the state should compel the parents of obese children to sponsor a child in the Third World.
			That ‘emo’ youths should be placed in state care.
		R7: THE GREATEST MARKET FAILURE IN HISTORY
			That we should use biofuels as the solution to ‘peak oil’.
			That the developed world should institute a policy of zero population growth.
			That we should abandon the Kyoto Protocol in favour of the Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate (AP6).
		R8: MIDDLE EAST
			The West Bank should become a part of Jordan.
			That the West should overtly support pro-democracy movements in Middle Eastern states.
			That only ‘soft power’ can achieve America’s goal of democratisation in the Middle East.
		OF: LABOUR
			That host countries of guest workers should pay a tax to the country of origin.
			That the Members-States should grant free movement of labour in EU.
			That South America should cease coca eradication programs.
		ESL SF: HEALTH AND EDUCATION
			That the United States should establish a system of universal health care.
			That religious schools should be forced to teach comprehensive sex education.
			That Southeast Asian Governments should provide condoms in prisons.
		WOMEN’S DEBATE
			That the election of Hillary Clinton would be good for women.
		QF: WHATS COLD IS HOT AGAIN
			That we should suspend Russia’s G8 membership pending democratic reforms.
			That NATO should support the unilateral declaration of Kosovo’s independence.
			That the US should accept Putin’s request to modify its plans for missile defense.
		SF: SIZE DOES MATTER
			That male circumcision should be banned.
			That we should decriminalize prostitution in Southeast Asia.
			That cock fighting should be banned.
		ESL GF: GENDER
			That we should legalise abortion in Southeast Asia.
			That there should be gender quotas for Executive positions in Fortune 500 companies.
			That doctors should be required to report suspected cases of domestic violence.
		GF: Mental Health
			That governments should pay for treatments that seek to ‘normalise’ autism.
	Buddle Findlay Vic Australs 2006
		Adjudication test
			That we should uphold the right of Iran to develop nuclear weapons.
		Women’s debate
			That we should have quotas for the number of women in national parliaments.
		R1
			That media should be able to freely report suicides.
			That we should ban all advertising during children’s television programming.
			That we should ban the publication of political party support polls.
		R2
			That ASEAN should sign a free trade agreement now.
			That we should disband the WTO.
			That China should move to float its currency.
		R3
			That we should boycott developing countries that nationalize their oil companies.
			That we should support net oil-importing developing nations in building nuclear power plants.
			That governments should issue tradable quotas for air travel.
		R4
			That the micro-states of the Pacific should federate.
			That Australia and New Zealand should actively uphold the result of the democratic process in Fiji.
			That New Zealand should become a state of Australia.
		R5
			That all schools should have comprehensive sex education classes.
			That we should require large companies in AustralAsia to provide comprehensive healthcare for employees.
			That Catholic medical providers should be forced to provide preventative and emergency contraception.
		R6
			That Pakistan should close its Madrassas.
			That Jerusalem should become a UN protectorate.
			That we should transfer military resources from Iraq to Afghanistan.
		R7
			That we should abolish detention without trial for suspected terrorists.
			That we should abolish the imposition of custodial sentences on young offenders.
			That civilian victims of the war on terror should be compensated.
		OF
			That players and fans should be able to participate in ambush marketing activities.
			That iTunes music should be downloadable to any device.
			That we should force pornography websites to move to a .xxx internet domain.
		ESL SF
			That we should publish cartoons of religious figures.
			That sporting boycotts are a legitimate tool of foreign policy.
			That convicted criminals should be banned from running for public office in Asia.
		QF
			That corporations should be held responsible for abuses committed by their contracted service providers.
			That the compensation of all executives should be pegged to the average wage of that company’s workers.
			That we should require companies to donate 5% of their annual revenue to charitable causes to be eligible for government contracts.
		SF
			That Australia should compromise the legal protections of asylum seekers to appease Indonesia.
			That East Asia should adopt a common history textbook.
			That politicians must relinquish all control over family-owned assets to global investment banks.
		ESL GF
			That we should end affirmative action in Malaysia.
			That governments should fund development aid and not disaster relief.
			That we would introduce hard labour for criminals in the developed world.
		GF
			That we should criminalise the payment of dowry.
			That it should be legitimate to use aid to buy votes in international organisations.
			That China should allow the internal free movement of labour.
	UQ(University of Queensland) Australs 2005
		R1: Justice
			That the Indonesian President should pardon Scapelle Corby.
			That individuals found guilty of crimes overseas should serve their sentences in their country of origin.
			That trial by jury sould be abolished.
		R2: Gay Rights
			That this house would legislate to prevent gays becoming parent.
			That we should swash the myth of the ‘lipstick lesbian’.
			That the gay rights movement should mourn the emergence of ‘gay-bourhoods’.
		R3: Environment
			That the poverty of people should be a secondary concern to the demise of the environment.
			That the decision to uphold the ban on whaling is an act of Western Imperialism.
			That this house would charge the CEO of corporations for crimes committed against the environment in the Third World.
		R4: Popular Culture
			That “hip-hop” culture has a harmful effect on non-black communities.
			That fringe art should receive no governmental funding.
			That this house would allow the production of animated child pornography.
		R5: Asia
			That the ASEAN should take an interventionist stance in separatist conflicts in member states.
			That Japan should have a permanent seat on the UN Security Council.
			That this house supports the call for Gloria’s　resignation.
		R6: The Media
			That cheque-book journalism should be banned.
			That Microsoft should not help China censor the Internet.
			That Holocaust denial should be a crime.
		R7: Terrorism
			That this house would pay for the return of hostages.
			That the US should prevent its residents from accessing the Al Jazeera Network.
			That this house would establish a permanent international tribunal for trying terrorists.
	UTS(University of Technology, Sydney) Australs 2004
		R1: Education
			TH supports fees for degrees.
			Indigenous people should be given preferential access to education.
			Private schooling is a public benefit.
		R2: International Relation
			TH should levy sanctions on Myanmar.
			Taiwan should declare independence.
			THW cage the Tamil Tigers.
		R3: Risky Business
			A company’s only responsibility is to its shareholders.
			White collar criminals should be gaoled.
			TH supports off-shore outsourcing.
		R4: Discrimination
			Lesbian women should have access to medically assisted donor insemination.
			TH supports gay marriage.
			TH should tax fat.
		R5: Security
			Private mercenaries have a role in State conflicts.
			Military courts are a necessity.
			Torture is a legitimate method of intelligence gathering.
		R6: Out Spoken People
			Michael Moore does his cause more harm than good.
			Religious leaders should refrain from making political statements.
			Political wings of terrorist organizations should be banned from Parliament.
		R7: Iraq
			Countries which opposed the war in Iraq have no responsibility to aid its reconstruction.
			TH would execute Saddam.
			The US suffers from “premature evacuation”.
		OF: Health
			Severely disabled people should be sterilized.
			Parents have a right to access the medical records of their children.
			Insurance companies have a right to access the results of genetic testing.
		ESL SF
			Islam needs a Pope.
			Companies should be banned from making donations to political parties.
			Essential service providers have right to strike.
		QF: Sovereignty
			Secession is a democratic right.
			US military bases should be pulled out of Asia.
			TH supports the targeted assassination of terrorist leaders.
		SF
			The private life of politicians are public property.
			Under age hackers should face the full force of the law.
			Israel should cease construction of its security fense.
		GF: Women
			TH should pay women to have babies.
			Victims of sex trafficking should be given automatic residency.
			Equal opportunity legislation should apply to religious institutions.