
Borneo British Parliamentary Championship
	Borneo British Parliamentary Championship 2022
		R1
			TH, as leaders of marginalised minority groups, would urge their respective communities to partake in greater social integration at the expense of sustaining unique cultural attributes
		R2
			THBT it is in the best interest of democratic states to move towards strengthening the power of international/regional organizations (e.g. UN, EU, ASEAN, etc.) at the expense of national sovereignty
		R3
			THO the Federal Reserve's policy of increasing interest rates in dealing with economic challenges
				A central bank is a financial institution given control over the production and distribution of money and credit for a nation or a group of nations. The Federal Reserve System is the central bank and monetary authority of the United States. Often simply called the Fed, it is arguably the most powerful financial institution in the world.
				The Fed's ability to influence interest rates is its most prominent and effective monetary policy tool. This key interest rate impacts how much commercial banks charge each other for primarily short-term loans. A higher fed funds-rate means more expensive borrowing costs and the debts; more expensive to carry.
				The Federal Reserve recently raised its interest rate to the highest level in 15 years. Along with the increase came an indication that officials expect to keep rates higher through next year.
		R4
			THW ban groups seeking aid/support for humanitarian causes from co-opting religious elements (including but not limited to, utilising religious preachers; verses, and undertones) in their campaigns
		Novice SF
			TH, as the streamer would choose to release a negative review of the video game
				On February 10, Warner Bros. released the video game Hogwarts Legacy, an open-world role-playing game (RPG) set 100 years before the events of Harry Potter. The game has sparked fury and speculation over how it would distance itself — or not — from Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling who has aligned herself with trans-exclusionary radical feminism, or TERFism.
				You are an up-and-coming video game streamer and reviewer who has been asked by Warner Bros. Games to complete the game and generate a positive review. On a personal level you have found several weaknesses in the game but overall you have enjoyed it, as someone who also grew up with Harry Potter content. However, you feel conflicted about the kind of review you should release.
		Novice Final
			THR the culture of fearing death
		QF
			THR the promotion of "cut-off culture"
				For the purpose of this debate, "cut-off culture" refers to the social phenomenon of figuratively cutting people out of one's life. Anyone from acquaintances, to significant figures which may include but are not limited to; close friends and family members are capable of being cut-off from one's life. This act is most commonly done at, or after the point of conflict/ tension within a relationship, when one decides they no longer want any association with that relationship.
		SF
			THBT it is in the best interest of left leaning political parties in developing democracies to move away from, rather than toward bipartisanship
		GF
			THP Tomorrowland
				In the world of Tomorrowland, an independent and safe AI has been developed. This technology uses algorithms which know humans better than they know themselves and determines courses of action for one's personal life such that there is very little need for human decision making. Humans generally follow the directions of the algorithms. Some applications of the algorithm include: humans entering relationships based on the judgement of the algorithms; people not searching for jobs, but algorithms matching employers to potential employees; and humans not needing to vote, since the algorithms know which way they should vote.

	Borneo British Parliamentary Championship 2020
		R1:
			THBT Queer movements in the developing world Should attempt to dissociate themselves from modern Queer movements in the west
		R2:
			As the resistance group, THW accept the offer
				You are a resistance group in an autocratic state. The state has promised amnesty to all those in the group as long as it gives up the struggle.
		R3:
			THR use of nostalgia in political campaigning
		R4:
			THO the demonization of dark humour / dark comedy
				Broadly, dark comedy, dark humour, or gallows humour, is a style of comedy that makes light of subject matter generally considered taboo, particularly serious or painful to discuss."
		NF:
			As an Asian parent, THW teach their child to actively reject the 'humble culture"
				For the purpose of this debate, "humble culture" refers to a culture where people are encouraged (either by others; or themselves; or both) to actively refrain from publicly showing/revealing their successes, possessions and achievements
		PF:
			THBT the GNA and its allies should abandon any attempts at peace negotiations and continue its current push against the LNA
				1. Oil-rich Libya has been in chaos since the Arab spring movement and NATO bombing campaign that toppled Gaddafi in 2011. Attempts to build a democratic state after Gaddafi fell, disintegrated into a new civil war between rival governments in 2014. Since 2014 the fighting has mainly been between rival centres of political power in east and west Libya after election disputes: namely the UN-recognised Tripoli administration, known as the Government of National Accord (GNA) led by Sarraj, and the Tobruk administration in the eastern city, which chose General Haftar to lead the Libyan National Army (LNA). While the GNA is officially recognised by the UN as Libya’s legitimate government, it holds little power on the ground, and some distrust its Islamist politics. Haftar’s supporters say he is a bulwark against extremism, while others see him as another would-be military dictator. 2. Over the last few years foreign powers have increasingly intervened in Libya’s civil war to defend their own strategic and economic interests. The democratically chosen GNA is backed by the UN and many western countries, but its main allies are Turkey, Qatar and Italy. The LNA enjoys the support of Russia, Egypt, the UAE, Saudi Arabia, France and Jordan. The recent escalation in fighting comes despite increased international pressure on both sides to return to negotiating a political settlement and to halt the violence over concerns about the spread of coronavirus. The recent loss of al-Watiya airbase dealt a significantly heavy setback for Haftar and will help Turkey expand its air operations in the conflict on behalf of the Tripoli government. The LNA’s foreign backers are likely to step up their support in order to counter a string of Turkish successes since Ankara intervened in January.
		GF:
			THS Black rights movements in the West's strategy of actively campaigning to defund the police instead of pushing for institutional reforms
				"Defunding the police” means reallocating or redirecting funding away from the police department to other government agencies and programs, funded by the local municipality. "Defund" does not mean abolish policing.