Doxbridge
	Doxbridge Holiday Open 2023
		R1
			THS a protagonist of GTA VI being a woman
		R2
			TH, as ASEAN, would continue to develop military cooperation between its members
				Last September, ASEAN wrapped up its first-ever joint military drill. Participants came from all 10 members of ASEAN.
		R3
			THW legalise insider trading
		R4
			THS AI based virtual friendship apps
				Several companies utilizes AI to simulate a virtual friendship experience (e.g. Replika, Pi AI, Woebot etc). These apps can engage in conversations, respond to messages, share secrets, provide advice or emotional support, and exhibit behaviors that simulate a friendly relationship.
		R5
			THBT developing countries should heavily disincentivise rural-urban migration
		OF, ESL QF
			THBT capitalism will not be a dominant economic and political system in 100 years
		QF, ESL SF, Schools SF
			THR the digitisation of art
		SF
			THR the Cordon Sanitaire
				In European politics, the Cordon Sanitaire (sanitary cordon) refers to a policy of non-cooperation with political parties against which the cordon has been applied. This involves all other political parties refusing to form coalitions with them, denying them any positions in government and urging voters to vote for any other party necessary to keep them out of power. The Cordon Sanitaire has been heavily applied against nationalist parties such as AfD in Germany, National Front in France, PVV in The Netherlands and Sweden Democrats in Sweden.
		GF
			unknown
		ESL GF
			TH as Sisyphus, if offered an end to his existence (non-existence), would choose to accept
				In Greek mythology, Sisyphus was the founder and king of Ephyra. A devious tyrant, he killed visitors to his kingfom in violation of guest-obligations angering the gods. As punishment, Sisyphus was condemned to eternally roll a boulder up a hill, only for it to roll back down before he reached the top.
		Schools GF
			THW ban the after-production alteration of movies (eg."Buzz Lightyear", "Titanic", "Aladdin" (1992), "Doctor Strange" etc)