ESU Korea Debate Championships
	1st ESU Korea Debate Championships (2007)
		Round 1: Prisoners
			TH supports exchanging prisoners to free hostages from terrorist organizations.
			THB prisoners on facing life imprisonment without parole should be allowed to choose the death penalty.
			THW use electronic bracelets to monitor paedophiles after release from prison.
		Round 2: Life
			THBT all states should grant the right to citizens to have dual citizenships.
			THBT new migrants wishing to become citizens should be required to pass a language and values test.
			THB flag burning should not be a crime.
		Round 3: Sports
			THBT only countries with good human rights records should be allowed to host the Olympics.
			TH supports the use of performance enhancing drugs in sports.
			THBT female athletes at the Olympics should get the same amount of TV time as male athletes.
		Round 4: Free
			THBT drugs created from research funded by the government should be free of copyright.
			THBT governments should only use free open source business software.
			THBT once we find the cure for AIDS we should give it out for free.
		Quarter Finals: International Organizations
			THBT international government aid should only go to non-governmental organizations.
			THW ban rogue nations from the United Nations.
			THB the European Union should abolish all preferential trade agreements with former colonies.
		Semi Final One: That Country
			THBT China should float its currency.
			THBT China should intervene to support the people of Burma/Myanmar.
			THBT China’s dominance of global manufacturing brings more harm than good.
		Semi Final Two: Schooling
			THBT pregnant high school students should be allowed to take maternity leave.
			THW teach ethnic relations in schools to promote national unity.
			THBT homosexuality should be included as part of compulsory sex-education programs.
		Final: Women
			THB adultery should not be illegal.
			THW abolish all women only universities.
			THW allow late term abortions of fetuses with disabilities.