HUFS IV
	HUFS IV 2023
		R1
			THW mandate professional sports leagues to provide tertiary education for players that sign a contract with them
			THP the 'separate model' over the 'concurrent model' for women's sports
				A 'separate model' means women's seasons are run at a completely separate time from the men's seasons.
				The 'concurrent model' is when women's and men's games happen one after the other on the same ground on the same day.
			THBT International Olympic Committee (IOC) should not disqualify professional sports players from participating in the Olympics for controversial behaviours unrelated to the performance (e.g. non-enhancing drugs, personal scandals)
		R2
			THR the Yoon Suk-yeol administration's recent effort to normalize diplomatic relationships with Japan
			THBT the international institution that engages in transitional justice in non-Western nations should prioritize political reforms and reconstruction rather than historical redress
				'Transitional justice' is a process which responds to human rights violations committed during conflict or authoritarian rule through judicial redress, political reforms in a region or country, and other measures to prevent the recurrence of human rights abuse.
			THBT the South Korean 'Cyber Defamation Law' should exclude politicians from the scope of its protection
				'Cyber Defamation Law' refers to a law in South Korea that criminalizes actions in cyberspace that can defame an individual. Examples of activities that can be punished include but are not limited to hate comments, political libel, and spreading information that can damage an individual's reputation.
		R3
			TH, as a hopeless romantic, W choose to be featured in a reality dating show (e.g. Single's Inferno, Too Hot to Handle, Love is Blind, etc.)
			THW mandate social media influencers to receive an official certificate to be eligible for uploading 'Edutainment' contents
				'Edutainment' is a form of entertainment designed to educate content consumers. Such content typically seeks to instruct its audience by embedding lessons in some familiar form of entertainment: television programs, computer and video games, multimedia software, etc.
			In liberal democracies that recently experienced a rise in right-wing politics, THBT the progressive media should focus on instigating anger instead of promoting the message of hope
		R4
			THS the usage of 'golden handshake clauses' in top executives' contracts
				'Golden handshake' refers to a clause in an executive's contract that provides them with a significant severance package if the employee loses their job due to firing, restructuring, negligence, or retirement.
			THW mandate all startups that become unicorn to be traded publicly
			THS 'quiet quitting.'
				'Quiet quitting' refers to doing only the required tasks associated with one’s job and not going "above and beyond" one’s job description.
		QF
			THO the notion that "one should not compare themselves with others."
			THR the narrative that independence is a virtue
			THP a world where innate human nature is believed to be selfish rather than selfless
		SF
			THBT the feminist movement should criticize pro-abortion campaigns advocating the legalization of abortion only under special conditions (e.g. sexual crime, serious health risk, etc.) rather than full legalization
			In response to identity-based hate crimes, TH, as a social movement, W emphasize imposing punitive measures at the expense of calling for a rehabilitative approach
			THR the decision of Charlotte Pride Parade to reject 'Gays for Trump.'
				In 2017, a group called 'Gays for Trump' was denied their application to have their float enter the Charlotte Pride Parade, which took place in North Carolina. The Pride organizers stated that the rejection was because the group wanted to display pro-Trump symbols, such as the 'Make America Great Again' slogan and a dancer dressed as Melania Trump. After the rejection, the group founded an alt-right gay organization named 'Deplorable Pride.'
		GF
			THBT the 'Pan-Islamism' in the foreign policy discourse of Turkey has done more harm than good
				Pan-Islamism is an ideology calling for the unity of Muslim peoples worldwide based on their shared Islamic identity. In a modern context, Turkey has been espousing such ideas with the romanticization of the past Ottoman empire, calling for strong cohesion within Islam nations and positioning themselves against the Western worldview.
			THBT that organized religions should emphasize condemnation of sin rather than salvation to encourage moral actions among believers
			When engaging with developing countries with significant religious diversity, THW make all international development aid conditional upon involving representatives of different religious communities in the key decision-making process
		Rookie GF
			In fulfilling responsibilities related to elderly care (e.g. living assistance, healthcare support, etc.), THP a world where the state plays a primary role in undertaking such responsibilities rather than a supplementary role of assisting the legal guardians
			THBT governments should actively support parents-led homeschooling for their children
			THS the normalization of open marriage
