Intertext
	Intertext Pre-ABP 2023
		R1
			TH celebrates the rise of sexually-explicit expressions by female artists in mainstream pop music (including but not limited to "WAP")
		R2
			THW abolish all government schemes that provide grants, tax-breaks, or loans at preferential terms to home buyers
		R3
			THBT ASEAN countries should join the BRICS
		R4
			THP a world in which the conception of original sin in Abrahamic religions is entirely a result of human agency as opposed to temptation of the devil
				The original sin is the condition or state of sin into which each human being is born. It has been used as the foundation for Abrahamic religions which has two competing explanations. Firstly,human agency which enforces that humans are not perfect and that their actions are made by free will. Secondly, the temptation of devil is the interpretation that humans were created perfectly and that their sins are made because of the devils temptation.
		R5
			TH, as a progressive activist, would actively oppose the Voice to Parliament
				The Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Voice, also known as the Indigenous Voice to Parliament, the First Nations Voice or simply the Voice, is a proposed Australian federal advisory body to comprise Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, to represent the views of Indigenous communities. On 14 October 2023, Australians will vote at a referendum on whether the Voice to Parliament should be enshrined in the Constitution.
		QF
			THP a world with a single, unified carbon market over a decentralized, voluntary carbon market
				For purposes of this debate, carbon markets are where carbon credits, or carbon offsets are bought and sold. Businesses and individuals can buy carbon credits from organizations that engage in green activities that remove carbon from the environment (either directly e.g. by replanting trees, or indirectly by not polluting e.g. conserving a rainforest rather than clearing it for development). Buying carbon credits are a key part of businesses and national governments hitting their net zero targets.
				Voluntary carbon markets operate on an opt-in platform, where entities keen to sell, purchase, finance or support a credit market at a specific price can do so, co-existing with other markets that have their own price point, carbon offset calculation formula, and other traits.
		SF
			THR the decision of the ECCAS to suspend Gabon's membership
				Despite being a member of OPEC, one of Africa's major producers of oil (which accounts for 60% of national revenue), and having one of the highest per-capita GDPs on the continent, Gabon faces serious socioeconomic crises: a third of the population lives below the poverty line of US$5.50 per day, and the unemployment rate among Gabonese aged 15 to 24 was estimated at 40% in 2020. Following presidential elections held on 26 August 2023, the incumbent president, Ali Bongo, who had been seeking re-election for a third term, was declared the winner according to an official announcement made on 30 August. However, allegations of electoral fraud and irregularities immediately emerged from opposition parties and independent observers, casting doubt over the legitimacy of the election results. Amidst growing scrutiny and widespread protests over the conduct of the elections, the Armed Forces of Gabon launched a coup on 30 August and General Brice Oligui Nguema was sworn into as President. The Economic Community of Central African States is an Economic Community of the African Union for promotion of regional economic co-operation in Central Africa.The ECCAS suspended Gabon’s membership.
		GF
			THO the narrative that love (romantic, familial, etc.) is about sacrifice
		EFL GF
			THP a world where everyone pursued the romantic and sexual relationships with artificially intelligent robots
	Intertext Pre-UADC 2022
		R1
			TH, as a youth activist, would prioritize working in civil society as opposed to within the government
				Balance $stats 4, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 3, 5, 34
			THW rank all charities based on their effectiveness and give tax breaks accordingly
				Balance $stats 2, 5, 18
				Veto $stats 4, 6, 34
			THW aggressively divert development aid from international organizations to local NGOs
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 18
				Veto $stats 10, 6, 34
		R2
			THW abandon the narrative that the consequences of climate change are apocalyptic in nature
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 7, 1, 34
			TH, as the environmental movement, supports pursuing criminalizing climate change denial
				Balance $stats 1, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 9, 7, 34
			THBT environmental movements should frame the harms of climate change as primarily affecting the economy
				Balance $stats 5, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 1, 9, 34
		R3
			Assuming feasibility, THBT the state should fund the creation of, and access to, realistic androids that simulate romantic relationships
				Balance $stats 3, 4, 18
				Veto $stats 5, 3, 34
			THR the premium placed on unconditional love
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 3, 11, 34
			TH, as feminists, support the trend of normalizing open relationships
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 9, 3, 34
		R4
			THR the "move fast, break things" philosophy of the tech sector
				Balance $stats 2, 5, 18
				Veto $stats 5, 5, 34
				"Move fast, break things" refers to the philosophy that making mistakes is a natural consequence of innovation in a highly competitive and complex environment.
			THS the use of gamification in the workplace
				Balance $stats 5, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 5, 3, 34
				Gamification refers to the application of typical elements of game playing (e.g. point scoring, leadership boards for certain skills, game based learning) to other areas of activity to encourage engagement.
			THW allow workers in managerial positions to unionize
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 18
				Veto $stats 7, 9, 34
		R5
			THBT feminist movements in the developing world should campaign to reject masculinity rather than hijack masculinity to serve feminist goals
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 18
				Veto $stats 9, 7, 36
				Attempting to reject masculinity refers to refusing to participate in masculine gender roles. On the other hand, hijacking masculinity refers to the attempt to using masculine gender roles to serve women's interests.
			TH, as a prominent female leader offered a position in a "Glass Cliff" situation, would choose to accept the position
				Balance $stats 3, 8, 18
				Veto $stats 3, 5, 36
				Glass Cliff refers to a phenomenon wherein women tend to be promoted to positions of power during times of crisis or downturn when the chance of failure is more likely.
				Examples of this include Marissa Meyer for Yahoo, Ellen Pao for Reddit, and Theresa May when she was elected as Prime Minister of the UK.
			TH, as a working mother of multiple children in an Asian country, would prioritize their resources for their most talented children as opposed to distributing resources equally
				Balance $stats 1, 3, 18
				Veto $stats 6, 6, 36
		QF
			THR the "quantitative turn" in the social sciences
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 0, 8
				A quantitative turn refers to a trend in the social sciences of using quantitative research methods which emphasize objective assessments of data. This is in contrast to the once-predominant qualitative research which relies heavily on subjective experiences of individuals.
			THP the holistic education model to systems of student choice
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
				In the holistic education model, students are required to take courses from across a range of disciplines (STEM, business, humanities and social sciences etc); whereas in systems of student choice, students choose a subject area to focus on and take courses to specialise in this area.
			THW allocate research funds to public universities purely on state-determined utility factors
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 3, 8
		SF, EFL GF
			TH, as Japan, supports a shift in Biden's foreign policy away from 'strategic ambiguity' regarding Taiwan
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				EFL GF Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Ever since the Third Taiwan Strait Crisis in 1995-1996, Japan has had taken different stances in regards to the crises surrounding Taiwan. In the past, Japan was more dormant in aligning themselves with like-minded crisis and also in criticizing China. As of recently, Japan is considering to take a bolder stance related to the crisis and its potential impacts on the island nation.
			THBT it is in NATO's interest to reject Finland's and Sweden's applications to become member-states
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				EFL GF Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				EFL GF Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			THBT Southeast Asian nations should actively move towards the consolidation of a regional alliance at the expense of seeking stronger ties with non-regional allies (e.g. by forming closer intra-ASEAN defence ties, increasing ASEAN economic integration etc)
				SF Balance $stats 1, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
				EFL GF Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
		GF
			THO the narrative that individuals should "see the best in others"
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THO the demonization of nihilism in society
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THW use the machine
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				You are an individual who has discovered a machine which allows individuals to access memories and skills from all their different multiversal selves. When an individual accesses memories and skills from all their alternate universe selves, they have access to all their alternative selves' memories and can view different ways their lives would have unfolded if they made different decisions. The more an individual uses the machine, the more overwhelmed the mental space of that individual would be in juggling different personas.
