Korea Intervarsity Debate Association National Championship (KNC)
	Spring Solbridge KNC 2020
		R1: Education
			THBT college entrance examinations should accept students only on the basis of their academic performance in secondary education
			THS a world where the government gives cash that individuals can use to freely select their academic preference (including but not limited to school of choice, private academies, and tutoring) instead of funding for public education
			THW abolish all requirements and evaluation criteria in higher education (i.e., attendance, exams, assignments)
		R2: Sports
			THBT having star players for team sports do more harm than good to the team
			THR the emphasis on winning a medal in the Olympics as a core symbol of success
			THP a world where sports serves purely entertainment purposes even at the expense of fair play
		R3: Religion
			THW, as a religious group/leader, cease attempts at increasing the number of believers and instead prioritize boosting loyalty amongst adherents to the religion
			Assuming feasibility, THP a world where a panel of church leaders would create a universally accepted interpretation of the Bible that the believers would abide by
			THW aggressively crackdown on megachurches
		R4: Justice
			In the case a human destroys the robot beyond repair, THW charge murder instead of property damage
				In 2050, AI robots are able to replicate the appearance, conversation, and reaction to emotions of human beings. However, their intelligence still does not allow them to sense emotions and feelings such as pain, happiness, joy, and etc.
			THP a world where the criminal justice system’s role is mainly for victim’s vengeance
			THW allow prosecutors and victims to veto assigned judges
		QF, Rookie QF: Pandemic
			During a pandemic, THBT businesses that benefit from the pandemic should be additionally taxed
			THW nullify the effect of medical patents in cases of medical emergencies
			THW ban media content that denies the efficacy of the COVID-19 without substantial evidence
		SF: Minority
			THW disclose this information
				A prominent member of the LGBT movement has discovered that a very influential politician helping the LGBT movement has been lying about their sexual orientation as being gay when they are straight. 
			THBT the LGBTQIA+ movement should denounce the existence of marriage as opposed to fighting for equal marriage rights
			THBT the LGBTQIA+ movement should condemn the consumption of movies and TV shows that cast straight actors/actresses in non-heterosexual identified roles
		GF
			THW destroy this tech
				In X years later, a technology that could comprehensively evaluate and record individuals’ character traits (e.g. maliciousness, wittiness, benevolence, articulateness, etc.) has been developed. This tech can be used to rank and publicize each individual’s overall moral worth.
			THR the emphasis on longevity in relationships
			Assuming feasibility, THW choose to continuously relive the happiest moment of one’s life
		Rookie SF: Politics
			THR the ‘candle light will’ narrative in the political discourse of South Korea
				The Candle Light Will (촛불민심) is a term derived from the symbolic candle-light protests for the impeachment of the late president Park Geun Hye, commonly used to mean the people’s will to fight against corrupt governments. The Moon administration has frequently referred to the Candle Light Will as the driving force behind its election that grants legitimacy to its policies.
			THW impose a cap on the property and income of politicians
			THW give the youth extra votes
		Rookie GF
			THW remove all laws that relate to filial responsibilities
			THW require parents to receive approval from experts in relevant fields before making crucial decisions for their children
			Assuming it is possible to measure the ‘societal danger’ of the fetus in the future, THBT the state should raise infants that pose high levels of threat 
	Winter KUDC KNC 2020
		R1: Criminal Justice System
			THBT any upper limits on prison sentences for particularly heinous crimes should be abolished
		R2: Relationship
			THW require dating apps to anonymize profile pictures
		R3: Economic
			In times of financial crisis, THP that central banks directly absolve private debt held by the people rather than debt held by banks
				During financial crises, major central banks can take measures to stabilize the financial markets by increasing money supply. In the past, they have essentially bought debt held by banks to do so (ex. open market purchases of MBS, Bonds, corporate bond ETFs).
				Private debt refers to debt held by regular civilians such as mortgages, SME loans, etc.
		R4: International Relation
			TH, as the Biden Administration, would create a new climate deal instead of rejoining The Paris Agreement
				The Paris Agreement is the first-ever universal, legally binding global climate change agreement. It sets out a global framework to limit the global temperature increase to well below 2°C by substantially reducing global greenhouse gas emissions. Countries make pledges to reduce their emissions within a specific time frame, but the ambition of those pledges is a matter for the country to decide.
				As of 2020, there are 197 nations that have ratified this agreement. The Trump administration withdrew from the agreement in 2017.
		R5: Education
			THW adopt a Pass/Fail grading system for students who suffer from mental health problems (e.g. depression, bipolar disorder, etc.)
		R6: Feminism
			THBT South Korean feminist movements should reject feminist icons that are adversarial and embody violence
		Open SF: Art
			THR the narrative that eccentric personalities are essential to create art
		Open GF: Freedom?
			THBT freedom of speech should be considered obsolete
		Rookie GF: Children
			THS the creation of savior siblings
				”Savior siblings” are children that are conceived after screening and genetically selecting an embryo in order to ‘create a perfect match’ sibling for their seriously ill child. When the savior child is born, its umbilical cord blood can be saved as a source of stem cells for the patient in need of a transplant, and the child may have to make monthly blood “donations” to its siblings until the illness is cured.
		EFL GF: Children
			THW allow parents of severely mentally disabled children to medically impede their children's physical growth
	Spring ADS KNC 2019
		R1: Schools
			THW grant universities full autonomy on academic policies including but not limited to applications curriculum and faculty
			TH, as South Korea, would merge all national universities into one
			THR the decline of General Female Student Council in Korean Universities
		R2: Military
			THW allow military service members to engage in collective action
			TH, as a partner staying behind, would not wait for ones lover
				Your lover went to military during the relationship
			THBT raising national prestige should not be a criterion for military exemption
		R3: Korean Politics
			THBT members of the South Korean National Assembly should not be granted political immunity
			TH, as President Moon, would pardon Geun-Hye Park and Myung-Bak Lee
			THBT all self-proclaimed conservatives should immediately join the Liberty Korea Party
		R4: Family
			THW ban parental surveillance programs, applications, and devices
			THBT adolescents should be granted full autonomy to choose whom to be raised by
			THW nullify surrogacy contracts in the cases where the surrogate mother requests to keep the child after giving birth
				Surrogacy: legal arrangement, whereby a woman (the surrogate mother) becomes pregnant and gives birth to a child for another person(s) who is or will become the parent(s) of the child.
		R5: North Korea
			THP federalism over absorption as a model for Korean reunification
			THBT the Moon government should openly criticize north Korean human rights violations
			TH, as South Korea, would Resume operations of the Kaesong Industrial Complex
		R6: CJS
			THBT the treatment of prisoners in jail should not be better than the living condition of the lowest socioeconomic bracket of the society
			THBT the defamation of the dead should not be punished
				Defamation refers to statements that degrades reputation of a particular individuals or an organization
			THW not punish crimes that were committed outside of its jurisdiction (i.e. overseas) upon return
		R7: Economy
			THW allow investors to sue owners of companies (i.e. Seungri of Aori Ramen, Elon Musk of Tesla, Jae-yong Lee of Samsung) in cases of owner-risk
				Owner-Risk is a situation where illegal actions done by owner of a company creates negative outcome for the company in general, or franchise owners in certain cases
			THW actively encourage the inheritance of family-owned small and medium-sized enterprises to family members
			THW set different standards of minimum wage for each industry
		Open OF: International Relations
			TH, As the Saudi Arabian Government. Would push for demise of the Petro-dollar
			TH, As the United States would deploy military to Venezuela
			TH, as Europe, welcomes the increasing influence of China over its region
		Open QF: Technology
			THW not develop sentient artificial intelligence
			THBT corporations should not sell technology to authoritarian regimes. When there is a credible reason to believe that their technology will be used to oppress its citizens
			Assuming Feasibility, THS the technology that would allow individuals to delete, add or modify their memory
		Open SF: Minority
			THBT individuals who live in dwellings that are to be gentrified are justified to use force as means of resistance
			THR creation of ethnic enclaves overseas of its ethnic origin (i.e. Korea Town, China town)
			THBT members of dying cultures should aggressively engage in commodification of their culture
		Open GF: History
			THBT descendants of war criminals do not have an obligation to apologize for the acts of their ancestors
			THBT post-dictatorial states that have achieved democracy should criminalize all denials of past democratization movements
			THR historical education that emphasizes the role of the general mass than that of particular historical leaders regarding societal progress
		Rookie SF, EFL SF: Culture
			THW implement quota for domestic Korean movies
			THW not consume arts created by criminals
			THBT Feminist should boycott K-POP idol stars 
		Rookie GF: Globalization
			TH welcomes the rise of isolationism across western countries
			THW tax individuals who chose to emigrate
			TH, as South Korean government, would aggressively accept refugees
		EFL GF: Media
			THBT politicians should not be granted the right to be forgotten
			When covering news regarding regions of conflicts, THBT journalists should assist victims of conflict even at the expense of coverage
			THW mandate social media corporations to fact-check comments made by political leaders
	Fall KMA KNC 2019
		R1: Lifestyle
			TH, as a millenial, would choose to be self-partnered
				'Self-Partnership' focuses on the ideal of being happy and complete as a solo individual. 
		R2: National Security
			THBT South Korea should retract the decision to terminate GSOMIA with Japan
		R3: Religion
			Assuming God exists, THP a world where God takes a human form
		R4: Criminal Justice System
			In cases of suicide, THW hold individuals who have verbally and psychologically abused the victim, criminally liable for homicide
		R5: Media
			THR 'cancel culture' online
				Cancel culture refers to the act of no longer morally, financially, and/or digitally supporting people usually celebrities- events, art works such as songs, films, or TV shows or things that many have deemed unacceptable or problematic.
		Open QF, EFL SF: Business
			THBT social entrepreneurs should not be allowed to make profits
		Open SF: Philosophy
			THBT detachment is the key to happiness
		Open GF: Feminism
			THBT democracy has failed women 
		Rookie SF: Business
			THS Twitter's decision to ban all political ads
		Rookie GF: Philosophy
			THR the narrative that inherent goodness exists
		EFL GF: Philosophy
			THW actively support the narrative that "nothing lasts forever"
	4th Korea Intervarsity Debate Association National Championship 2008
		Demo debate
			THW not confiscate land from descendants of collaborators with Japan during its colonial rule.
		Round 1: Korea
			THBT Korea should priortize China over the US in diplomatic relations.
			THW nationalize the tele-communications industry.
			THW exclude Soju from the list of essential items announced by the Korean government to monitor inflation.
		Round 2: Social Contract
			THBT all democratic governments should abandon laws which allow prosecution of citizens for insulting their nations.
			THBT government should not financially profit from its citizens’ sins.
			THW limit civilian use of guns in America.
		Round 3: Human Body
			THW allow commercial surrogate motherhood.
			THW give prisoners with a life sentence the right to choose the death penalty.
			THW chemically castrate pedophiles.
		Round 4: Ideology
			THBT socialism in Latin America has done more harm than good.
			THBT authoritarian regimes are justifiable in developing nations.
			THBT feminism has not contributed to the well-being of women in the world.
		Round 5: International Institutions
			THW limit the number of times United Nations Security Council members can veto.
			THBT democracy should be the condition for debt relief for African nations.
			THBT it is legitimate to use aid to buy votes in international organizations.
		Rookie Final: Cute Animals
			THW ban fur imports from developing nations.
			THBT zoos bring more benefits than harms to society.
			THW allow the police to shoot poachers.
		EFL Final: Celebrities on the spotlight!!!
			THBT paparazzi are beneficial for celebrities.
			TH supports celebrities entering politics.
			THBT celebrities should not adopt children from developing nations.
		Quarter Finals: Elections
			THW repudiate the democratic election in Bhutan.
			THW discourage women in Pakistan from casting ballots in order to protect their lives.
			THW place a cap on the spending of candidates during election campaigns.
		Semi Finals: Greater Asia
			THBT China’s quest for raw materials from developing nations/rogue regimes is detrimental to the world.
			THW pressure India to open its border to accept Tibetan exiles.
			THBT the Kurds are better off without a Kurdish state.
		Final: Law and Justice
			THBT civil disobedience is essential to democracy.
			THW abolish the use of insanity as a legal defense.
			THW require doctors to report minors with HIV to their parents regardless of patients’ consent.
	3rd Korea Intervarsity Debate Association National Championship 2007
		Round 1: Korean Society
			THW abolish the Ministry of Gender Equality & Family.
			THBT commercial matchmaking businesses are detrimental to the Korean society.
			THBT hostages should be required to pay all costs associated with their release.
		Round 2: Ideologies
			THBT socialism is beneficial for South America.
			THBT Saudi Arabia should allow women into politics.
			THBT the world should completely give up its effort to implant democracy in the Middle East.
		Round 3: The Human Body
			THW ban human body exhibitions.
			THW harvest organs from executed prisoners regardless of consent.
			THW remove custody rights of parents who deny medical treatment to their children on religious grounds.
		Round 4: Universities
			THW forbid political parties from having activities on university campuses.
			THBT publishing university rankings does more harm than good.
			THW prohibit corporate franchises from establishing branches on campus.
		Round 5: Law and Justice
			THW adopt a trial by jury for criminal cases.
			THS direct election of Supreme Court judges.
			THW hold parents responsible for the wrongdoings of juvenile delinquents under the age of 14.
		Quarter Finals: Natives and Settlers
			THW repeal all laws granting extra privileges for the Australian aborigines.
			THBT only native languages, rather than European languages, should be the official language of African nations.
			THBT governments should repeal land ownership rights of its native ethnic groups.
		Semi Finals: The Third World
			THBT environmental problems of the Third World are a responsibility of the First World.
			THBT the First World nations should prohibit pharmaceutical corporations from conducting medical experiments on humans in Africa, regardless of consent.
			THBT the British Museum should return its exhibit items to the former colonial states from which they were taken.
		Final: US and the World
			THBT the United States should cease supporting the Pervez Musharraf regime.
			THBT the US should immediately lift all sanctions against Cuba.
			THBT Spanish should be the second official language of the United States.
	2nd Korea Intervarsity Debate Association National Championship 2006
		Round 1: Education
			THW shut down hagwons (private after school educational institutions) in Korea.
			THBT standardized testing is detrimental to the education of students.
			THW promote teachers based purely on student evaluations.
		Round 2: Middle East
			THW recognize the new government of Palestine.
			THBT the UN Security Council should place sanctions on Iran.
			TH supports an independent Kurdistan.
		Round 3: Law and Freedom
			THBT international courts are a failure.
			THBT government should not restrict the right of citizens to travel.
			THW not draw political cartoons of religious figures.
		Round 4: Afghanistan
			THBT Afghanistan should protect religious freedom.
			THW increase the foreign military presence in Afghanistan.
			THW encourage the development of the opium industry in Afghanistan.
		Round 5:Labor
			THW add a formal voice for organized labor in the WTO.
			THW eliminate government subsidies for rice farmers in Korea.
			TH supports the French labor bill.
		Quarter Finals: South Asia
			THBT Thaksin should step down.
			THW abolish the death penalty for drug trafficking in Singapore.
			THBT India, not China, will be the next superpower.
		Semi Finals: Political Philosophy
			THBT socialism will fail in Latin America.
			THBT feminism cannot liberate women.
			THBT neo-conservatism has failed America.
		Rookie Final: Technology
			THW violate internet privacy to prevent cyber-terrorism.
			THBT Cyworld is bad for Korea.
			TH supports P2P.
		Grand Final: Korea
			THW abolish term limits for the President of Korea.
			THW not exempt athletes from military service.
			THW protect the chaebol.