Leiden Open
	Leiden Open 2024
		R1
			THP a world where people focus on changing rather than finding their authentic self
		R2
			Assuming no coalition is formed, THS the Netherlands implementing a 'business cabinet' rather than calling re-elections
				For the purpose of this debate, in politics, a 'business cabinet' is a cabinet which can be formed when parties are unable to form a coalition. The business cabinet then takes over the role of the normal cabinet and is voted in by parliament. It can propose legislation and run ministries etc. The parties in parliament still vote on the policies. The 'business cabinet' consists of technocrats. These technocrats include people outside of established political parties, such as researches, civil servants who worked at the ministry or industry/company representatives.
		R3
			THW break up tech giants (such as Microsoft, Apple, Samsung, etc.)
		R4
			THP a world in which post-gnostics is the dominant Christian belief system over one where Proterism is dominant
				For the purpose of this debate post-gnostics is a Christian movement that believes that everyone has a 'clean' soul that is untained by sin. They believe that religious knowledge can be attained by looking inwards and can not be taught by a central figure. This is done via individualistic rituals (e.g. meditation) in which the individual is supposed to 'embark on a journey to internal truth.'Proterism believes that the original sin tainted everyone's soul. One can 'cleanse' your soul by attoning for your sins via rituals through a central figure (e.g. confessions or by giving back to the community).td {border: 1px solid #cccccc;}br {mso-data-placement:same-cell;}
		R5
			THBT it is in the interest of MERCOSUR to seek closer ties to the EU over China
				MERCOSUR is a South American trade bloc. Its full members are Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.﻿
		SF
			THO the prioritisation of privacy in Western Liberal Democracies
				You are a papparazi, who admires Taylor Swift and her music. Recently she has come back from a trip to Amsterdam, in which she apparently had a fight with a famous dancing squirrel. In the media, she has apologized, but you have unique recording of her slandering the squirrel and complaining about how she had to fake an apology
		GF
			THW prefer to be born on Plan (et) B over Planet A
				Planet A is a habitable world, that looks and feels much like the West on Earth. Capitalism is the dominant ideology.
				Plan (et) B is a habitable world, where a form of anarchism is the dominant ideology and has been since its inception hundreds of years ago. This anarchism is centred on the idea that power corrupts and that any hierarchy that cannot be ethically justified must be dismantled. In this system, there are no private possessions or belongings; jobs are allocated according to the needs of the society; and a very small government exists only to ensure that resources and jobs are allocated fairly. The technology required to meet basic needs (medicine, food etc) exists.
				Given this has existed for hundreds of years, people's behaviours and norms are different from Planet A.
		Pro-Am GF
			THW completely cut off contact with their ex over actively trying to stay friends
				You are a young individual in your mid twenties, who has recently broken up with a previous longterm partner. You already were friends with this person before you started dating.
		Rookie GF
			THP a world in which people seek short relationships (<5 yrs) over one where they seek long term partners
