Linkbate Debating Championships
	8th Linkbate Debating Championships 2023
		R1: Emigration
			THS the dominant belief that “friends are hard to keep after emigration”
		R2: K-Pop
			TH, as an East Asian (e.g. Korean, Chinese, Japanese), regrets the rise of K-Pop
				K-Pop, or Korean pop music, has rapidly grown in popularity over the past decade. K-Pop is performed primarily by Korean artists, although other artists of primarily Asian descent also participate in the market. The rise of K-Pop is also correlated with the popularization of Korean pop culture as a whole.
		R3
			TH, as a country with an aging population, would opt for policies that increase immigration (e.g. more visas) rather than policies that encourage citizens to have more children (e.g. tax benefits)
		R4: IR
			TH, as the PAP, would democraticize (e.g. stop abusing incumbent party advantages and stop disrupting opponents)
				The People's Action Party (PAP) has been elected as the ruling party in Singapore for nearly six consecutive decades. They have stably attained a voter share of 60% or above since 1968 but the general trend of their votes have been decreasing. For the purposes of this debate, the PAP has stayed in power by abusing advantages of being the incumbent party (e.g. rules which only allow preparation of elections to start after an election has been called) and has disrupted their opponents (e.g. by censoring what the PAP deems as "false information".)
		R5: Education
			THP a world where universities' admission processes place emphasis on students' academic interest attached to that specific field (e.g. the amount and depth of extra reading, extension courses, joining competitions related to that subject) as opposed to emphasis on academic capabilities at school (e.g. public examination results, assessment scores)
		U16 Semi Finals
			THO the sale of downloadable content (DLC) for video games
				Downloadable content (DLC) is additional purchaseable content for a video game that adds extra content or an expansion to the base game. Examples of video games that offer DLC include Sims 4, The Witcher, and Grand Theft Auto V.
		U16 Final
			THP a world in which all donations are administered through the Donation Nation
				For the purpose of this debate, a ‘Donation Nation’ is a central charity organization tasked with the collection and distribution of all financial resources donated by all citizens across the world towards charities. The organization then distributes the donations to charities across the world according to the number of people affected by that charity's cause i.e. the more people affected by the charity's cause, the more funding the charity would receive.
		Open Double Quarter Finals
			THO the narrative that people should only enter romantic relationships that they anticipate will be sustainable in the long term
		Open Quarter Finals
			THBT state economic policies should favour companies with business models that prioritize conquering markets in the long-term at the expense of short-term profitability
		Open Semi Finals
			THR the increased emphasis placed on family being a dominant social construct
		Open Grand Final
			To be announced...
	3rd Linkbate Debating Championships 2020
		R1
			THW legalise euthanasia
				Euthanasia is the practice of intentionally ending a life to relieve pain and suffering (physical and/or mental). Patients must provide informed consent before undergoing euthanasia.
		R2
			THW abolish all private schools at the primary and secondary level
		R3
			THW abolish all patents
				A patent is a form of intellectual property that gives its owner the legal right to exclude others from profiting off an invention for a limited period of years. If violated, the patent holder can sue the person/organization infringing the patent in order to enforce his or her rights.
		R4
			Assuming the technology exists, THS genetic engineering to make humans more resistant to the effects of climate change
				Genetic engineering is the process of using technology to alter the genetic makeup of an organism before they are born. Genetic engineering involves the direct manipulation of one or more genes. For instance, making humans more resistant to extreme temperatures, able to live in more acidic environments etc. 
		R5
			THW transfer the majority ownership of professional sporting clubs to non-profit organizations managed by elected members within their local communities
				Professional sporting clubs are large commercial organizations with professional players which have teams which regularly compete at the highest level of the sport. Examples include Manchester United (football), Sydney Sixers (cricket) and the Dallas Cowboys (Rugby). Motion: 
		R6
			 THBT the feminist movement should actively work with liberal religious leaders to change the religions' perception about women
			 	Liberal religious leaders have more socially progressive interpretations of scripture and religious texts, for instance are usually more open to accepting members of the LGBT community as compared to more conservative religious leaders.
		R7
			TH, as developing nations, would prioritize local industries over foreign MNCs (e.g. subsidize local car brands and tax foreign imported cars)
				A Multi-National Corporation (MNC) is a corporate organization that owns or controls production of goods or services in at least one country other than its home country.
		Junior SF
			TH, as a parent from a middle income family, would adopt free range parenting
				Free range parenting is the concept of raising children in the spirit of encouraging them to function independently with limited parental supervision in accordance of their age of development and with a reasoable acceptance of realistic personal risks
		Junior Final
			THBT individuals convicted for crimes that were later legalised should be retrospectively cleared of those charges and released from prison if applicable
		OF
			In sanctuary cities, THW grant undocumented immigrants the right to vote
				Sanctuary city are cities in America that limit their cooperation with the national government's effort to enforce immigration law. Undocumented immigrants live and work mostly without the fear of deportation.
		QF
			THR the humanisation of villains in film and media (eg Joker, Maleficient, Gru, Megamind, etc)
		SF
			Assuming feasibility exists and with benefit of hindsight, TH as USA would go back in time and choose not to invade Afghanistan
				Post the 9-11 terror attacks in the US, the US government retaliated by launching the War on Terror and invaded Afghanistan.
		GF
			THS the creation of an international court to prosecute 'crimes against the earth'
				International courts are neutral bodies not affiliated with any single country that adjudicates disputes between nations or international affairs. Cases are judged by a panel of judges appointed from different nations. Examples of international courts include, but are not limited to, the International Criminal Court (ICC), International Court of Justice (ICJ), European Court of Human Rights (ECHR). Crimes against the Earth are acts that directly or indirectly cause harm to the environment, for instance mass deforestation, destruction of ecosystems etc"
