Macau Asian Parliamentary Debate Open (Macau APDO)
	3rd Macau APDO 2017
		R1: Sports
			THBT all professional football leagues should implement a draft system.
				A draft is a process used in some sports to allocate certain players to teams. In draft, teams take turns selecting from a pool of eligible players. When a team selects a player, the team receives exclusive rights to sign that player to a contract, and no other team in the league may sign the player.
				To encourage parity, teams that do poorly in the previous season usually get to choose first in the postseason draft, sometimes with a “lottery” factor to discourage teams from deliberately losing.
			THW ban corporate endorsement of sports teams and athletes.
			THW allow female athletes to professionally compete against men.
		R2: Trump
			THR Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement.
			As the Republican Party, THW actively seek to impeach Donald Trump.
			THBT European nations should actively distance themselves from the Trump Administration.
		R3: Medicine
			THW impose criminal liability on traditional doctors who discourage their patients from using Western medicines.
			THW force all parents to vaccinate their children.
			THW prioritize palliative care over curative care for patients suffering from painful illnesses with a very low chance of recovery.
		R4: 3 Old Men
			Assuming other methods are ineffective or unavailable, THW actively commit electoral fraud to prevent extremist political parties from achieving a parliamentary majority.
			THW deny passports for convicted pedophiles.
			THW make retirement compulsory when a person reaches the age of 70.
		R5:
			TH celebrates the revival of the Sunshine Policy by South Korea’s Moon Jae-In Administration.
			THBT China should remove all economic retaliatory measures against South Korea.
			THBT the Belt & Road economic policy by China will do more harm than good.
		QF: Religion
			As the Dalai Lama, THW reincarnate outside of Tibet and China.
			THW rescind all blasphemy laws.
			THW give parents the right to withdraw their children from science or religious studies classes to which they object.
		SF:
			THBT Ireland should call for an abortion referendum that allows only women to vote.
				The Eighth Amendment to the Irish constitutions bans abortion. There is a strong public pressure to repeal or relax this ban, but this would require a referendum, which the Irish government is currently considering calling.
			THBT liberal democracies should abandon the use of referenda as a mechanism for significant social change.
			THBT gay marriage proponents should prioritize legal battles over the mobilization of popular support for a referendum.
	2nd Macau APDO 2016
		R1: Education
			THBT academic institutions should deny racist, sexist, or fascist individuals a platform for speech
			THBT Macau should make English the primary language of instruction for all students
			THW stream academically underperforming children into vocational schools
				Vocational schools focus on practical job training. They typically offer relatively short, technical, career-focused programs that quickly prepare graduates for the workforce.
		R2: Imagine
			THP a world that is organized with cities and villages as governing and sovereign units instead of nation states
			THS testing human augmentation technologies on animals with the intention of significantly enhancing their cognitive capacities
			THW make ratification of peace agreements conditional on approval by a popular vote of women affected by the conflict
		R3: Economics
			THW allow individuals to legally occupy any building that has been unused for more than one year
			THBT developing countries should cap the amount of money that their citizens can invest/transfer/move overseas
			THBT income tax levels should be determined by the relative privilege of an individual's upbringing
		R4: International Relations
			THBT International Criminal Court should never prosecute heads of state that are currently in power
			THBT European Union should require its member states to adopt socially progressive legislations (abortion, same-sex unions, etc.)
			THW try the alleged abuses committed by foreign troops in local courts
		R5: Minorities
			THBT it is legitimate for members of minority groups to discriminate against people outside their groups
			THBT the West should not portray "The Great Explorers" (e.g. Christopher Columbus, Vasco da Gama) as heroes
			THBT states should not promote the idea that two-parent families are superior to single-parent households
		QF: Criminal Justice System
			THBT a criminal's social contribution should be a mitigating factor in their sentencing
			TH, as the police house, would accept applicants with a criminal record
			THBT individuals should be allowed to sell their right to sue to a third party
		SF: Democracy
			THW allow citizens of EU member states to petition for an EU-wide referendum on specific issues, the results of which are binding on all EU members
			THBT democracies should waive all citizenship requirements for elected office
			THBT the Republican National Committee should field an alternative candidate regardless of Donald Trump's presumptive nominee status
		GF: Poverty
			THW aggressively proselytise to the poor
			THBT we should grant parenting licenses to biological parents based on the same criteria used for adoptive parents
			THBT progressive individuals should work for corrupted governments or leaders with the intention of forwarding social welfare