Malaysia Debate Open
	9th Malaysia Debate Open 2018
		R1
			TH, as a Muslim parent in a western society, would teach their children to distrust the members of the majority/mainstream culture.
			THS the Dalit communities’ use of violent protest in opposition to the Indian Supreme Court’s ruling on the SC/ST Act.
				The Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989 was brought into law to prevent crimes against people belonging to lower castes and tribes in India. In a recent ruling this year, the Indian court said that the act was being “rampantly misused”. If therefore stopped the automatic arrests and registration of criminal cases under the law and also made it mandatory for a preliminary inquiry to be conducted by police within seven days of an alleged incident before taking any action.
			THBT African American artists have a moral obligation to produce art that emphasizes Afrocentrism.
				Afrocentrism (also Afrocentricity) is a cultural ideology or worldview that focuses on the history of people of African descent. It is a response to global (Eurocentric) attitudes about African people and their historical contributions and it revisits their history with an African cultural and ideological focus.
		R2
			TH prefers all scholarships to be granted solely on the basis of financial need as opposed to merit.
			THW allow and actively encourage the establishment of extremist/radical student organizations in universities.
			THR the dominant narrative that excellent academic performance is the key to future stability and success
		R3
			In response to Trump’s discriminatory policies on trans individuals, THBT socially progressive soldiers should resign.
			THBT the LGBT community should make their exclusive religious branch rather than affiliating with religious institutions.
			As an open LGBTQIA+ individual, THW not opt in to a romantic relationship with a counterpart who chooses to keep their sexuality a secret
		R4
			THW dismiss all police personnel involved in the initial investigations of the Wang Kelian death camp.
				Recent probe results of the mass killings in Wang Kelian in 2015 shook the world, and revealed startling new evidence, which suggests a massive, coordinated cover-up. One of the biggest revelations was that the human trafficking death camps had been discovered months earlier, but police only announced the discovery on May 25. The in-depth investigation was sparked by a number of burning, unanswered questions that dogged the team, among them about why the initial discovery of these death camps were kept secret and who gave the order to sanitise and destroy the crime scene and, why. One shocking discovery was that the authorities, particularly the Perlis police, knew the existence of these jungle camps in Wang Kelian in early January 2015, but had allegedly chosen not to do anything about them until half a year later.
			TH, as a politically liberal party in Malaysia, will reject any offers to enter into existing political coalitions to form a government.
				The Malaysian Parliament dissolved today and the General Election is expected to be held soon. The election centers primarily on two political coalitions: the Barisan National (BN) and the Pakatan Harapan (PH). The BN, lead by PM Najib Razak has historically held majority seats on the parliament since Malaysia’s independence in 1957. The government formed by the BN has had allegations of corruptions and electoral fraud. The leading opposition candidate expected to become Prime Minister if BN loses, is the former Prime Minister, Mahathir Mohamad. #Undirosak is a campaign that calls for voters to spoil their votes in response to the PM candidates fielded by both political coalitions.
			THS #UndiRosak.
		R5
			THW break up big tech (e.g: Facebook, Google, Amazon etc)
			THBT dating apps have a moral obligation to search & disclose the HIV status to its users to their matches
			THR the use of medically unlicensed online chat buddies as a way of coping with personal and emotional struggles
		R6
			THS the ideal that calls for ruthlessness and grit in order for women to make it in the corporate world
			THS the “Shitty Media Men” list.
				The ‘Shitty Media Men” list is an open source list where women who work in media can share stories of harassment for the purposes of helping other women avoid these men.
			TH, as a feminist from the developed world, would actively fund gender reassignment surgeries for women in deeply conservative societies.
		OF
			THW abolish solitary confinement
				Solitary confinement is a form of imprisonment in which an inmate is isolated from any human contact, often with the exception of members of prison staff, for 22–24 hours a day, with a sentence possibly ranging from days to decades. It is employed as a form of punishment beyond incarceration for a dangerous prisoner
			THW pardon members of militant groups who were recruited when they were children
			THW punish bystanders who had the reasonable capacity to help and/or assist people who are injured and/or in danger but chose not to do so
		QF
			THBT moderate muslims have a moral duty to publicly criticise extreme interpretations
			THW elect muftis
			TH regrets religious institutions use of practice/rituals to decide piety
		SF
			THR India’s decision to not take part in the One Belt One Road Initiative
			THBT ‘Sunni’ Muslims States that disagree with Saudi Arabia’s attacks in Yemen, should assist/fund the Houthi Rebels.
				The Yemeni Civil War is an ongoing conflict between two main factions. On one side is an alliance of the Zaidi-Shiite Houthis, a northern movement that has been fighting the government since 2004, along with troops and militias loyal to a former president, Ali Abdullah Saleh. On the other side are supporters of the government of President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, who was overthrown by the Houthis in early 2015. The war intensified in March 2015 when a coalition of 10 states led by Saudi Arabia launched a campaign of airstrikes against the Houthi-Saleh coalition. Riyadh’s declared objectives are to roll back the Houthis and reinstate Hadi. The Houthis are reportedly an Iranian proxy, leading the intervention to be framed as an effort to counter Iran’s influence. Despite Saudi’s denial, the airstrikes have killed tens of thousands of civilians, and wounded and displaced millions.
			TH celebrates ‘Fire and Fury’
				Amidst a nuclear threat by North Korea, USA President Donald Trump has threatened North Korea with “fire and fury like the world has never seen” for any new provocations. “Fire and Fury” has been defined as USA’s foreign policy attitude and strategy to be confrontational and hostile/aggressive towards North Korea
		EFL SF
			THBT moderate Muslims have a moral obligation to actively and publicly criticize extreme interpretations/practices of Islam.
			THW elect the Muftis of a state
			THR religious institutions using adherence to religious practices/rituals as the main metric of a believer’s piety.
		GF
			THR the notion that suffering makes you stronger.
			TH prefers the world where happiness is measured by utility.
			You discovered a world which has the conditions and the environment that indicate that a human race is about to begin and evolve. THW prevent the human race from existing.
	8th Malaysia Debate Open 2016
		R1
			THW extend labour rights to those in the prison manufacturing
			THBT conventional companies
			THR the culture of unicorns in silicon valley
		R2
			THS the removal of school resource officers in the united states
			THBT black lives matter should adopt a strategy of tempered political moderation as opposed to aggresive, unapologetic and confrontational approaches in order to achieve their outcomes
			THBT it is legitimate for protesters to shut down electoral rallies of Donald Trump
		R3
			THBT the state should cease funding for all programs designed to preserve dying language
			As an author of a non-colonial language (Algic, Iroquoian, Xhosa, Quechua etc), THW only write in one’s native language
			THBT oppressed indigenous minorities should embrace and promote innacurate but positive myths or belief about their culure
		R4
			THBT Affluenza Should be treated as a mitigating circumstance in determining sentences for crime committed by juvenile
			In cases of severe domestic abuse, THW not prosecute any retaliatory actions of the victims
			THW ban the formation of Police Unions
		R5
			THBT Feminists should denounce any campaigns against the hijab
			TH regrets prominent females who hypersexualise themselves in the name of empowerment
			THS the use of feminist catch phrases about freedom, empowerment and choice in advertisement of fashion and beauty product
		R6
			Assuming it was possible, THW allow people seeking to adopt to change the appearance of orphaned newborns to look more like themselves
			THW prefer to live in a worlds where individual successes and failure are seen as consequences of random event as opposed to an individual’s personal choices
			Assuming all jobs could be automated, THW abolish all jobs
		OF
			TH supports new atheism
		QF
			THBT states with a large influx of refugees should demarcate special economic zones that only employ refugees
		EFL GF
			THBT it is immoral for individuals to knowingly donate to children who are part of a begging syndicate.
		Open GF
			THW remove all physical manifestation of racist legacy from university campuses and public spaces.
	7th Malaysia Debate Open 2015
		R1
			A new indisputable evidence has been discovered, which disproves the existence of higher being. Th, as the state, would actively suppress the publication of that research.
			THBT the Vatican should sign extradition agreements with all countries who request it in order to pursue cases of sexual abuses.
			THW ban satirical caricatures of all religious symbols, deities or entities in the press.
		R2
			TH celebrates the rise of pedophilia advocacy organisation.
			THBT the state should produce pornography to combat stereotypes.
			THW legalize sadomasochistic sex.
		R3
			THBT Saudi Arabia should prevent citizens from countries that do not belong to anti-ISIS coalition to come to Mecca for Hajj/Umrah pilgrimage .
			THW criminalize moslem scholars who interpret religious scriptures in favor of ISIS.
			THW hold social media network such as twitter, YouTube and Facebook liable for accounts continuously held and propagated by terrorist organization or members of terrorist organizations.
		R4
			TH regrets the standard of affirmative consent enforced on college campuses in cases of sexual assault
			THW ban men’s rights movement
			THW require playable female characters in all video games
		R5
			Assuming that the technology to transfer human pregnancies to an incubator exist, THW ban natural pregnancy
			THW ban advertisements targeting children
			THW require foreign filmmakers of documentaries to have local content collaborators in order to publish that documentary or film
		R6
			THBT ICC should prosecute crimes against democracy
			THBT top executive( Board of CEO) should be held criminally liable for corporate negligence( BP oil spill, Toyota airbag scandal)
			THW break up Google
		Pre QF
			THW ban transfer pricing.
			THBT natural resources of the world should be equally distributed among all states.
			THW require government-owned enterprises to conduct and publicly release audits on a regular basis.
		QF
			THBT the T should leave the LGB and form their own movement.
			THBT homosexuals in western liberal democracies should not commit themselves in civil unions before marriage equality is reached.
			THW make tax exemption to religious organizations contingent upon them not discriminating (e.g: refusing to perform religious services, not allowing participation by homosexuals)
		Open SF
			THW hold a referendum in the entire territory of Kashmir.
			THBT Indonesia should grant clemency to Australian citizens convicted with death penalty, in exchange for the Australian government opening up their borders for refugees.
			THBT Hamas should demilitarize in return for Israel lifting all sanctions on Gaza.
		EFL GF
			THBT it is time for Japan to have a standing army.
			THBT the Muslim Brotherhood should stop protests and riots, and focus on providing welfare services.
			THBT UN Commission of Human Rights should consider the case of the Philippines ex-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo as political persecution.
	6th Malaysia Debate Open 2014
		R1: Prison
			THW offer reduced sentences to prisoners who help convict prison inmates and/or prison officials in abuse cases.
			THW make house arrests default punishment for crimes.
		Upon release, THBT prisoners have a right to compel the state to employ them in government offices.
		R2: Women
			THBT votes of the members of a household should be counted only if women of that household vote.
			THW ban all commercials that promote stereotypical norms of beauty and femininity.
			THW impose a “gender imbalance (disproportionate representation of men in senior management)” tax on corporations.
		R3: Education
			THBT developing nations should divert tertiary education funding to improving primary and secondary education.
			THBT a student’s performance should be evaluated relative to his/her innate capacity.
			THW cut subsidy of schools that have high rates of bullying incidents.
		R4: Economics
			THBT countries with high unemployment rates should ban offshoring.
			THBT free trade agreements should include free labor movement.
			THW put a moratorium on mergers and acquisitions in the social media industry.
		R5: Russia
			THBT the international community should declare the Sochi Olympics void.
			THBT Ukraine should accept the result of a Crimean referendum to join Russia.
			THBT the West should fund LGBT reformation initiatives in Russia.
		R6: Post-Conflict Societies
			In post-conflict societies, THBT the government should mandate society diversity in community living (i.e. housing, schools, workplace, etc.)
			In post-conflict societies, THBT the military and police power should be commanded by an international body and not the country’s government.
			In post-conflict societies, THBT historical narrative should be owned by government.
		OF: Health Care
			THBT the state, not parents, should make all medical decisions for children until they reach the age of consent.
			THW deprioritize the eldely in allocating scarse medical resources.
			Where a scientifically proven treatment has been approved for a condition, THW ban any alternative medication that aims to treat the same.
		QF: Development
			THW make development aid contingent on recipient countries having aggressively socially redistributive policies.
			THBT government contracts involving natural resources should be subjected to a referendum.
			THBT governments should prioritize investing in populated areas where there is the least private and/or foreign capital investment.
		SF: Rights-ish
			THW limit the amount of land people can own.
			THW ban corrective treatment for the mentally ill.
			THW abolish the constitutional privilege against self-incrimination.
		GF
			THBT the state has no right to request or demand its citizens to surrender their own lives.
			THBT there is no state duty to protect people from themselves.
			THBT the state should never pardon the crimes of individuals.
	5th Malaysia Debate Open 2013
		R1: Education and Love
			THW abolish all private schools
			THW ban school uniforms
			TH rejects the stigma on student-professor relationships in universities
		R2: Somebody gonna get a hurt real bad
			THW punish top-level corruption with the most severe punishment in the country’s judicial system (ie, death penalty or life imprisonment)
			THW abolish executive pardons
			THW allow prisoners to serve in the military for a reduced sentence
		R3: War and Revolution
			In the event that organized crime of a nation affects its neighbors, THB in the right to breach that nations’ sovereignity
			THBT South Korea should pre-emptively attack the North
			TH celebrates Hugo Chavez’s impact of South America
		R4: Human Nature
			If the technology exists, THW allow people to stop the aging process and choose the time of their demise
			Assuming that extraterrestial life exists, THW treat all forms of alien life with aggression
			Assuming another species is developing intelligence comparable to humans, THW actively surpress their evolution
		R5: Media and Culture
			THBT Hollywood should never cooperate with the Pentagon or the CIA in making movies
			THBT black entertainers should not use the “N” word
			THBT DC comics should re-boot Superman as homosexual
		R6: Robin: Should we do econs for round 6? Val/Arinah/Hyewon: No… SEX!
			THW ban pedophile rights groups (e.g. the North American Man-Boy Love Association)
			THBT consent should be the only standard for any sexual relationship (not age, not genetic relationships, not number, etc)
			THBT sex education in schools should move from teaching safe sex to teaching good sex
		R7: Your very friendly Adjcore :):):)
			THBT the Philippine government should not abandon the Sultanate of Sulu
			THBT Singapore should continue importing high numbers of immigrants to combat the population deficit problem
			THBT South Korean government should actively reduce the influence of chaebols (multinational business conglomerates like Samsung and Hyundai)
		OF: The Dismal Science
			TH supports China’s right to manipulate the Yuan for economic advantage
			THBT government contracts in developing countries should only be given to domestic firms
			THW impose a supertax on the rich even if it does not lead to more revenues for the state
		QF: Geopol 2.0
			THW, as Fatah, abandon the two-state solution to push for a one-state solution
			THBT the international community should never support non-united opposition to dictatiorships
			THBT the African Union should suspend the membership of countries with individuals in government who have been/are being indicted for war crimes
		SF: Dedicated to the Glasgow University Union
			THBT self-declared feminists must never take on the names of their husbands
			THW financially incentivise men to either enter professions that are traditionally female dominated (eg pre-school teaching, nursing, nannies, etc) or become house-husbands
			In a world with unwanted children, THBT fertility therapy should be condemned
		GF: Religion
			THBT the Catholic Church is a force for good in the world
			THBT it is justified to present only the positive narrative of popular religious figures
			THBT fear should not be used in proselytising or instilling religious beliefs
	4th Malaysia Debate Open 2012
		R1: “education/child rights/”
			THW stream its students according to academic ability
			THW not prescribe pills to minors diagnosed with ADHD
			THBT indigenous people should have free and unrestricted access to universities
		R2: “Friends don’t let friends plead guilty”
			abolish all laws against public nudity
			punish passengers in car if driver is drunk
			pay other countries to house prisoners
		R3: “systemic change”
			THW abolish the IMF and the World Bank
			THS the Occupy Movement
			THW abolish vetos at the UN security council
		R4: “1Malaysia”
			1 Education: THW abolish vernacular schools
			1 Party: THW not allow politicians to switch parties after the results are announced
			THW say yes to Lynas
		R5: “Africa”
			THW stop supporting HIV medication and focus on prevention in Africa
			TH prefers Chinese investment to Western Aid in Africa
			THBT national parks in Africa should only be managed by the state
		R6: “eating”
			THBT Governments should ensure a significant portion of food sold is locally produced
			THBT food stamps should not be allowed to be used at fast food restaurants
			THW disallow groups that glorify obesity
		R7: “motions with the word terrorist in them”
			THW give terrorist organizations full amnesty if they give up arms and form political parties
			THBT online hacktivists should be treated like terrorists
			THW torture terrorists
		OF: “Media”
			THBT states should support struggling major newspapers
			THW allow realistic but animated pedophilic porn
			THS quotas for locally produced media
		QF: “ASEAN”
			THS an ASEAN court to prosecute transgressions of former leaders
			THW create a common ASEAN history textbook
			THS free movement of labour within ASEAN
		SF: “middle-ish east”
			THS a one state solution for Palestine-Israel
			THW Arm the Syrian Opposition
			TH prefers autocratic to Islamic government (in the middle east)
		GF: “motions the adj core thought would be cool to see in the finals”
			THW fund public education without imposing a national syllabus
			TH believes in the welfare state
			THW return to a pre-partitioned india
	3rd Malaysia Debate Open 2011
		R1: Malaysia Boleh!
			THBT religious conversion should not be a prerequisite for marriage
			THW allow political parties to announce alliances only before elections
			THW abolish the unnatural sex law (oral/anal sex)
		R2: FOOD
			THBT countries with overall food shortage should not join the race for bio-fuels.
			THW ban speculative trading on food products
			THW penalize corporations that waste food.
		R3: MOVEMENT
			THW pay beggars to leave big cities
			TH rejects the confinement of refugees
			THBT countries should open borders to traditionally nomadic groups
		R4: IR
			THBT the West should recognize Palestinian attacks on Israeli settlements as legitimate
			THS military intervention in Libya
			THW re-introduce the Sunshine Policy towards North Korea
		R5: Animals
			THBT PETA(People for Ethical Treatment of Animals) should only accept vegetarians as its member
			THW ban the neutering of pets.
			THW allow the sale of parts of endangered animals which die natural deaths
		R6: Religion
			THBT fear should not be used as a means of propagating religion to children
			THW ban religious preaching in public places
			THW ban religious groups from lobbying.
		R7: Adam and/or Eve
			THBT governments of developed countries should incentivize overseas adoption from Least Developed Countries
			THW introduce AA for sexual minorities (LGBT)
			THBT mandatory military service should include women
		OF: MEDIA
			THBT governments sponsorship of TV shows that promote its agendas is justified
			THW disallow the making of biographical films without the consent of the subject or his/her legal heirs
			THBT celebrities who openly use/glorify drugs should not be nominated for awards
		QF: Law
			THBT states should remove diplomatic immunity for judicial fairness
			THBT states should compensate criminals who are acquitted on appeal.
			THW ban the media from airing of opinions on ongoing court trials
		SF: Health and Medicine
			THW deny citizens who took part in organ trade privileges from its national healthcare system
			THW allow drug companies to advertise their products only to doctors
			THW ban the research on behavioral modification
		GF: Culture & society
			THBT cultural compatibility is legitimate grounds for differential immigration policies
			THBT it is justified for governments to destroy historical evidence which can cause social unrest.
			TH supports state initiatives to define a national cultural identity.
	2nd Malaysia Debate Open 2010
		Test Debate
			THW hold sober passengers of drunk drivers criminally liable.
		R1: Disasters
			THW detain but not charge looters in Chile.
			THBT aid to reconstruct disaster areas should be exclusively given to local contractors.
			THW help victims of major disasters regardless of the affected country’s consent.
		R2: Malaysia, truly Asia
			THW forgive the student loan debt of all individuals who commit to a career in public education.
			THW not allow any race-based societies in universities.
			THBT 3 months is too short for National Service.
		R3: Sports, baby.
			THBT professional cheerleading harms women’s rights.
			THW disallow exclusive broadcasting rights of the world cup.
			THW limit the wages of Footballers.
		R4: Individual in the State
			THW ban dual citizenships.
			THW abolish state-endorsed marriage.
			THBT Plea-bargaining erodes the criminal justice system.
		R5: East or West?
			THBT China’s Internet censorship is a legitimate tool for stability.
			THBT the west should arm local Burmese militias.
			THBT Obama’s Health Care Plan is un-American.
		R6: West Asia
			THBT Southern Yemen should declare independence.
			THW allow candidates linked to Saddam Hussein to run for the upcoming Iraqi election.
			THW condemn Israel’s declaration of national heritage sites within the Palestinian Territories.
		OF: Flora and Fauna
			THW free Willy(the killer whale).
			THW arm indigenous communities to fight illegal loggers.
			THW allow Japan to commercialize whaling if they accept a moratorium on bluefin tuna.
		QF: Teenagers
			THW ban teenagers from undergoing surgery for the purpose of inducing weight loss.
			THBT the state should financially support single teenage pregnant mothers.
			THW force sperm banks to reveal the identity of sperm donors upon request of the offspring upon reaching the age of consent.
		SF: Geo-Bloody-Politics
			THW grant developmental aid to African countries on condition they nationalize natural resources.
			THBT the EU should stop supporting US led wars until they ratify the ICC.
			THW not sanction Iran until Israel’s Nuclear Program is subject to IAEA Inspections.
		GF
			THW completely ban smoking.
	1st Malaysia Debate Open 2009
		Test Debate
			THW abolish the death penalty.
		R1: Sex, Death and the Dreaded Slip
			THBT terminally ill patients have a right to die.
			THBT teenagers should have the right to vote.
			THW ban “abstinence only sex education” in all schools.
		R2: Justice
			THBT criminal cases should be tried by jury.
			THBT evidence obtained through unlawful means should be admissible in court.
			THW elect its judges.
		R3: Your tax dollars at work
			THW allow corporations receiving government bailouts the discretion to give bonuses to their employees.
			THBT the state should give incentives to the entertainment industry to produce content with positive social messages.
			THW repeal tax exemptions on all religious institutions.
		R4: In the Army
			THW extradite military deserters.
			THBT soldiers who suffer psychological damage from their combat experience should be eligible for military honours.
			THBT we should militaries outer space.
		R5: Shawshank Redemption
			THW fund religion based criminal rehabilitation programmes.
			THW nationalise all prisons.
			THW allow prisoners to donate their organs in exchange for the shortening of their sentences.
		R6: Show me the money!
			THW bail out ailing foreign companies that have large local employment bases.
			THW rather borrow money from individual companies than from the International Monetary Fund.
			THW tax savings during times of economic recession.
		OF: United States of Oh-Bum-Ah!
			THW support Obama’s stance on meeting hostile foreign leaders without pre-conditions.
			THBT we should remove term limits for the presidency of the United States of America.
			THBT President Obama should immediately conduct a full inquiry into the abuses of the Bush administration.
		QF: The Grey in Anatomy
			THBT sex change operations should be covered under the National Health Policy.
			THBT the pursuit of scientific knowledge ought to be limited by a concern for societal good.
			THBT alternative medication and treatment should be included in medical insurance coverage.
		SF: No Man is an Island
			THBT all states in the Middle East should recognise Israel unconditionally.
			THW break up Sudan.
			THBT the ICC should issue a warrant for the arrest of Robert Mugabe.
		GF
			THW sell nuclear weapons to countries in exchange for them terminating their nuclear weapons program.