Manila
	Manila Pre-WUDC 2025
		R1
			THS the glorification of adventurous lifestyles (e.g. lifestyles that involve experimenting & exploring experiences that are foreign to oneself, casual spontaneity, embracing opportunities with many unknowns etc.)
				OG $stats 7, 5, 5, 6
				OO $stats 9, 5, 5, 4
				CG $stats 2, 8, 6, 7
				CO $stats 5, 5, 7, 6
		R2
			THBT civil action groups should prioritize petitioning the Supreme Court as opposed to pursuing appeals from lower-court cases
				OG $stats 5, 3, 7, 8
				OO $stats 3, 9, 8, 3
				CG $stats 8, 4, 3, 8
				CO $stats 7, 7, 5, 4
				In most legal systems, a petition and an appeal are distinct processes for bringing a case before the supreme court. An appeal is a continuation of an existing case, where a higher court reviews the legal correctness of a regional court's decision. A petition, in contrast, is a formal request by a certain entity (e.g., civil action groups, corporations, government entities, individuals) for the Supreme Court to choose to hear a new case. While appeal trials are guaranteed to any party who demonstrates credible doubt in the lower court's decision, petitions are not guaranteed to any party; the Supreme Court chooses which petitions to hear.
		R3
			THBT universities should hire a substantial portion of STEM* academic staff from the industry (e.g. corporate managers & analysts, industry research & development experts). *Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics
				OG $stats 6, 5, 5, 6
				OO $stats 6, 6, 7, 3
				CG $stats 5, 7, 5, 5
				CO $stats 5, 4, 5, 8
		R4
			THBT governments should offer significant financial support for minority residents to open businesses (e.g., grants, subsidized rents, or low-interest loans) in commercial ethnic districts (CEDs) as opposed to limiting outside businesses from moving into the district (e.g., zoning limits on chain stores or non-ethnic enterprises)
				OG $stats 5, 5, 9, 3
				OO $stats 7, 6, 4, 5
				CG $stats 6, 4, 3, 9
				CO $stats 4, 7, 6, 5
				Commercial ethnic districts (CED) refer to areas of a city where businesses are primarily owned and operated by a particular minority ethnic group, and where bussinesses largely revolve around that group's culture (e.g. restaurants serving ethnic cuisine, boutiques selling traditional attire, etc.). Prominent examples of CEDs include Chinatowns in London & San Fransisco, Little Tokyo in Los Angeles, and Little India in Singapore.
		Pre QF
			In ageing societies, THBT pension funds should invest significant portions of savings in speculative assets (e.g. acquiring equity in hedge funds or private equity firms, trading in financial derivatives)
				OG $stats 2, 2
				OO $stats 1, 3
				CG $stats 2, 2
				CO $stats 3, 1
		QF
			In countering anti-immigration sentiments, THBT left-wing movements should primarily adopt a cultural approach instead of an economic approach
				OG $stats 1, 3
				OO $stats 2, 2
				CG $stats 3, 1
				CO $stats 2, 2
				For the purpose of this debate, the 'cultural approach' to migration contends that an increase in the immigrant population enhances the host nation’s cultural diversity, attempting to dispel the anti-immigration sentiment glorifying the preservation of cultural purity.
				The 'economic approach' frames migration in economic terms, arguing that immigrant integration yields economic benefits and seeks to counter rhetoric which suggests that immigrants cause negative economic ramifications.
		SF
			TH welcomes the separation of GAFCON from the traditional Anglican communion
				OG $stats 0, 2
				OO $stats 2, 0
				CG $stats 0, 2
				CO $stats 2, 0
				In October 2025, the Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON)—a coalition of predominantly Global South Anglican provinces—announced that it would no longer recognize the authority of the Archbishop of Canterbury or the traditional instruments of the Anglican Communion. The decision followed the appointment of Sarah Mullally as the first female Archbishop of Canterbury, which GAFCON leaders criticized as reflecting a departure from traditional doctrine. GAFCON declared plans to form its own theocratic leadership and governance structures, as well as establish a parallel Anglican denomination to the traditional Anglican communion.
		GF
			THBT parents should teach daughters to assume men are "guilty until proven innocent"
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 1, 0
				CO $stats 0, 1
				For the purposes of the debate, assuming a man is "guilty until proven innocent" means to assume he is ill-intentioned until proven otherwise. Believing a man is "guilty until proven innocent" may imply, among other things, believing he is untrustworthy, overwhelmingly driven by lust, or harbours a tendency to look down upon women.
		EFL GF
			TH welcomes the separation of GAFCON from the traditional Anglican communion
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 1, 0
				In October 2025, the Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON)—a coalition of predominantly Global South Anglican provinces—announced that it would no longer recognize the authority of the Archbishop of Canterbury or the traditional instruments of the Anglican Communion. The decision followed the appointment of Sarah Mullally as the first female Archbishop of Canterbury, which GAFCON leaders criticized as reflecting a departure from traditional doctrine. GAFCON declared plans to form its own theocratic leadership and governance structures, as well as establish a parallel Anglican denomination to the traditional Anglican communion.
		Novice GF
			In functional democracies, THW grant courts the power to bar certain parties and/or candidates from running for office on the basis that them holding office would pose significant threats to democracy
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 0, 1
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 1, 0