UT MARA
	UT MARA Pre-UADC 2023
		R1
			THS the integration of sunset clauses into the constitution of a constitutional democracy
				A sunset clause is a provision within a piece of legislation that sets an expiry date for a law. Unless further action is taken to extend the clause, the law will cease to have effect.
			THR the use of Conscientious objection in medical practice
				For the sake of this debate, conscientious objection refers to the legal right of a doctor to not provide or participate in a clinical procedure or treatment because it conflicts with their personal religious beliefs or values. This right is usually invoked during procedures of euthanasia or those concerning reproductive health, inclusive but not limited to contraception, assisted reproduction, infant circumcision, and abortion.
			THW give weighted votes based on one's social credit rating
				You live in a world where a social credit system exists. This social credit system evaluates one's social, professional, and personal life, extending to their performance in work, and even with the way they interact and socialize with others. As a consequence, your rating provided by the system can determine which educational and job opportunities you have access to, the amount of wages you should be compensated for labor, the housing and consumable goods you can buy, and even the social groups that you are allowed to join.
		R2
			THS the widespread implementation of Severance
				For the purposes of this debate, "Severance" refers to a medical procedure that separates the consciousness of an employees between their lives at work and their personal lives.
			THBT voting for social rights bills in Parliament should be closed
			THBT developing countries should adopt economic development policies that heavily disincentivise urbanisation
		R3
			THW ban cobalt mining in Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC)
				Cobalt mining is a crucial part of the supply chain for electric vehicles (EVs). The metal is vitally important in the production of lithium-ion batteries. The mining industry in the Democratic Republic of Congo is the most lucrative and essential part of the DRC economy. It is their largest source of export income. The DRC accounted for more than two thirds of global cobalt production in 2022, making it the world's largest cobalt producer by a large margin. Recently, there have been reports of dangerous mining practices and the usage of child labor.
			THBT environmental movements should prioritize funding climate litigation
				Climate change litigation, often known as climate litigation, is a developing area of environmental law that makes use of the legal practice to set case law precedent to support public institutions' efforts to mitigate climate change, such as governments and corporations.
			THW prohibit fossil fuel companies from heavily investing into green and renewable energy companies
		R4
			THS girlboss feminism
				Girlboss feminism refers to a contemporary feminist movement that celebrates and promotes women's empowerment, particularly in the realms of entrepreneurship, leadership, and career success. It emphasizes the idea that women can achieve professional and personal success by embracing their ambition, confidence, and assertiveness.
			TH, as the LGBTQ+ movement, supports the downtrend of rainbow capitalism
				For the purposes of this debate, rainbow capitalism refers to the commercialization and commodification of LGBTQ+ movements.
			THR the trend of social movements claiming celebrities as their movement's icons
		Pre QF
			During a crisis in confidence, THBT government be able to censor publication of economic news
				A crisis of confidence occur in economies when there is a general belief that the economy is doing poorly
			In times of economic crisis, THW instate a government of expert economists and not politicians
			THR the Western dominance on international trade and finance
		QF
			THR the rise of para-social relationships in streaming and social media platforms e.g. Twitch, Tiktok etc
			THR the normalisation of oversharing on social media
				Oversharing refers to disclosing extensive and intimate details of one's personal life, thoughts, and emotions
			THR the prevalence of "wait to date"
				For the purposes of this debate, "Wait to date" refers to the belief that individuals should be the best versions of themselves and work on themselves before dating someone
		SF
			THP to live in a world where the dominant societal narrative is that success is primarily based on luck
			THR the rise of the "protect your peace" narrative
				For the purposes of this debate, "Protect your peace" refers to a belief that one should sever relationships that do not serve them and justifies a life spent alone
			THR the narrative that 'life goes on'
		GF
			Assuming feasibility, THW allow law enforcement agencies to use mind-reading technology
			THS the use of "Soul Sync"
				For the purposes of this debate, "Soul Sync" is an AI system that scans and analyzes the collected data to create a comprehensive profile of a deceased person's personality, communication style, and behavioral patterns. It learns from their online interactions, language choices, and preferences to build an AI model. The AI is designed to mimic the speech patterns, mannerisms, and knowledge of the deceased individual based on the data it has processed.
				Once the initial AI model is created, it can interact with users through various interfaces such as text messaging, voice messages, and phone calls.
			TH, as a person that has hanahaki and is in love with their best friend, would choose to get the surgery
				Hanahaki is a parasitic and progressive disease that grows flowers in your lungs. Depending how severe the hanahaki is, the flowers can grow to a rate where it fills the lungs, preventing one to breath and eat out the brain, thereby causing death. This disease is developed due to intense romantic feelings that are unrequited. There's only two ways to cure the disease: (1) to have your feelings returned by the one you love, or (2) to undergo a surgery that removes the parasite but also removes any capacity to love, regardless if romantic, filial, or platonic.
		Rookie SF
			THW heavily tax corporations which automate their workforce
			THBT governments should prioritize policies that reduce social inequality over economic growth
			THS developing countries violating the intellectual property rights of multinational corporations
		Rookie GF
			THS the increase in anti-natalism beliefs
			TH, as a parent belonging to a minority religion, would discourage their children from expressing their faith publicly
			THR the rise of therapy culture
				For the purposes of this debate, therapy culture refers to the societal emphasis and prioritization of opting into therapy as a form of self-care as opposed to other alternatives to self-care
	UT MARA Novice 2023
		R1
			THW impose a cap on university endowments, in favor of directing the money towards grants given to individual professors/researchers
			THW not allow colleges to award sports scholarships to students
			THW make entrance to university based on a lottery after passing a basic high school exam
		R2
			TH, as the BLM, would advocate for prison reform over prison abolition
			THW actively use precogs in the criminal justice system
				Precogs are individuals who have the ability to predict a future and see potential crimes. However, the future seen may always have a 1/3 chance of not occuring
			In areas with high crime rates, THW relax enforcement of privacy rights (allowing phone tapping, government surveillance, etc.)
		R3
			THR the recent dominance of transgenerational trauma in films and media depicting immigrant families and families of colour (i.e., Encanto, Turning Red, Everything Everywhere All At Once)
			TH, as Oscar Wilde, Regrets publishing The Picture of Dorian Gray
				The Picture of Dorian Gray was a novel published by Oscar Wilde in 1890, who was one of the most popular Irish playwrights in the 1890s, as well as a closeted homosexual. The novel includes themes of homosexuality and the implicit legitimisation of male prostitution, which caused wide scale controversy upon its publication. In 1895. Wilde was prosecuted on charges of sodomy, and passages from the novel were recited in court as proof of his immorality. Dorian Gray was Wilde's only novel, and his
			TH, as a resident of the Seam, W volunteer for the Games
				In the fictional country of Panem, the Hunger Games are a yearly, televised event, wherein a boy and a girl are randomly chosen from each of its 12 Districts to fight to the death. It is possible to volunteer in place of a randomly selected tribute. The winning tribute and their family receives food, fame and riches for the rest of their lives. There is a vast wealth inequality between the districts. Tributes from wealthy districts can afford to train for years prior to their games, while food shortages are common in poorer districts.
				The Seam is the poorest region in District 12, Panem's poorest
		R4
			THBT developed countries should pay developing countries to preserve their forests
			THW impose a sin tax on the consumption of meat
				A sin tax is an tax on specific goods and services due to their ability, or perception, to be harmful or costly to society. The tax comes at the time of purchase. Some items that often have a sin tax include tobacco products, alcohol, and gambling.
			THBT developed countries that were historically pollutive have a moral obligation to give up part of their land to nations that will sink due to climate change (e.g. the Seychelles and the Maldives)
		R5
			THR the trend of social media becoming a primary news source
			THBT employers should be influenced by information on social networking sites when hiring and firing
			THBT the media should be required to cap political advertising by candidates and parties during elections
		POF
			THS imposing a salary cap for e-sports teams
				A salary cap is a limitation on the amount of money that a team can spend on players' salaries.
			THR the shift towards the shift to the Code of Points in artistic sports (eg. figure skating, rhythmic & artistic gymnastics)
				Over the past decade, figure skating and gymnastics have adopted the Code of Points system that assigns values to individual elements based on their difficulty. This replaced the previous scoring systems (from 2006 onwards) which awarded scores to routines holistically considering the technical merit of the routine and its artistic elements based on composition, originality, style, and expression.
			THR the prevailing narrative of perseverance in sports (e.g. working hard, trusting the process, team loyalty)
		OF
			THP a benevolent dictatorship over a weak democracy
			THW break up persistently dominant political parties in emerging/developing democracies
			THBT vote spoiling is a legitimate political decision
		QF
			THW hold public figures accountable for reccomending failed financial ventures (Shaq & FTX)
			THBT megacities should be run by multinational corporations
				Megacities are typically cities with more than 10 million inhabitants, such as Tokyo and Lagos
			THR the Fed's excessive use of interest rate to curb inflation
		SF
			TH, as South Korea, R the normalisation of relations with Japan
			TH, as Taiwan, W actively distance themselves from the Quad
				The Quad are a security alliance consisting of Australia, India, Japan and the United States. They first convened in 2017 with further meetings in the coming years and have regularly engaged in joint-military exercises, especially in the South China Sea. More countries have been looking to ally themselves and partner with the Quad, namely New Zealand and South Korea.
				
				China has actively condemned the actions of the Quad, citing it to be "NATO imperialist" and has responded with military exercises of their own.
			THBT Ukraine should seek the help of private military contractors in their war with Russia
		GF
			TH, as a average person, W prefer to be Isekai'ed
				An Isekai is a genre of anime where the main character (MC) is sent to a fantasy world to live out the rest of their lives, likely with no means of returning. The rules of these worlds vary immensely (some have magic, some are just 1400's Europe) and the MC will not know where they'll end up. The MC will face normal hardships throughout their new life and will have no forms of "plot armor". 
				
				Being Isekai'ed is a colloquial term which refers to "to be sent to a fantasy world".
			THP to live by the phrase "ruthlessness is mercy upon ourselves" than "greet the world with open arms"
			THP to live in a world where individuals don’t have the capacity to feel extreme emotions
	MARA Pre-WUDC 2022
		R1
			THBT political displays at major international sporting events do more harm than good
		R2
			THO the idealisation of compromise in political discourse
		R3
			THBT social movements should focus on legislative rather than societal change
		R4
			THW prohibit provincial and local governments from offering tax credits and other incentives to attract large companies to open business in their region
		SF
			THP a world where there is one dominant interpretation/denomination of major religions, rather that separated and differentiated sets of doctrines and beliefs in the same major religion
		GF
			THP a world where individuals live in recognition of their moral flaws as opposed to a convenient morality.
				Convenient morality refers to rationalizing your actions and justifying decisions to retroactively fit into your code of beliefs, i.e., an individual adapting their beliefs and morals to the actions as opposed to accepting that certain actions transgress your chosen set of morals.
		Rookie GF
			As a parent from a minority community, THW teach their children to pursue a mediocre but satisfactorily happy life over a life which involves a constant pursuit of excellence and the extraordinary
