Other tournaments
  IDS Northeast Asian Debating Championships 2022
    R1
      This House would abolish laws against price-gouging.
    R2
      This House Believes that there are no immoral thoughts, merely immoral actions.
    R3
      This house, as Nepal, prefers strengthening our long-term relationship with China rather than India.
    R4
      In post-colonial states, THP education where strong emphasis is placed on multi-culturalism over similarities between different groups
    R5
      THW allow individuals to sue religious organizations for compensation for the harmful effects of choices made as a result of adherence to religious doctrine.
    R6
      THBT states should be allowed to auction off the long-term right to govern bankrupt cities for profit
    Partial Double-Octofinals:
      THO the practice of vote buying
    OF
      This house would legally require all companies to adhere to a model of stakeholder capitalism.
        Traditionally company executives have been required to maximise shareholder profits. Under stakeholder capitalism, company executives are instead obliged to serve the interests of all relevant stakeholders including shareholders, employees, customers, and vendors.
    QF
      THBT social movements should prioritise blaming the structure over particular public figures
    SF
      This house believes that the world should recognise the Tatmadaw as the legitimate government of Myanmar
        Info slide: The Tatmadaw (Myanmar's army) led a coup in 2021 that overthrew the popularly elected government of Aung San Suu Kyi. Reception to the coup has been broadly negative both domestically and internationally.
    GF
      This House believes that governments should set up a department dedicated to producing and submitting ‘Sokal papers’ to academic journals, removing academics that admit Sokal papers and shutting down faculties that systemically admit ‘Sokal papers’.
        A ‘Sokal paper’ refers to a fake academic paper that is submitted to a reputable academic journal that utilises the tropes and jargon of the journals field to write deliberately absurd articles and thesis’. The aim is to expose faculties and academics that accept these submissions.
        An recent example was a re-write of Mein Kampf using feminist tropes titled “Our Struggle is my Struggle: Solidarity Feminism as an Intersectional Reply to Neoliberal and Choice Feminism.”
    EFL Partial Octofinals
      THO the practice of vote buying.
        Vote buying refers to practice where political parties or candidates provide goods or cash to voters in return for votes or ballot papers.
    EFL QF
      This house would legally require all companies to adhere to a model of stakeholder capitalism.
        Traditionally company executives have been required to maximise shareholder profits. Under stakeholder capitalism, company executives are instead obliged to serve the interests of all relevant stakeholders including shareholders, employees, customers, and vendors.
    EFL SF
      THBT social movements should prioritise blaming the structure over particular public figures
    EFL Finals
      THS disruptive climate protests by environmental movements (e.g., blocking traffic)
  Campbelltown Australasian Intervarsity Debating Championships 2022
    R1:
      A: That all scientific journals should move to a registered reports model of publication
        The registered reports model has researchers submit detailed protocols for peer review before any experiments are conducted. The methods, hypothesis and background are peer reviewed prior to data collection. If the article is accepted, the journal guarantees the publication of the article irrespective of the significance of the results.
      B: That all grant and scholarship funders should substantially outsource selection to third parties
      C: C: That labour unions in the tertiary education sector should deprioritise strikes in favour of administration bans (i.e. continuing to teach but refusing to grade papers, oversee exams, answer emails, etc.)
    R2:
      A: That the feminist movement should support the portrayal of women as the source of fear in films (ex. Miranda Priestly in the Devil Wears Prada, Carrie in Carrie, Dolores Umbridge in Harry Potter)
      B: That it is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all.
      C: That we prefer a world where co-parenting is primarily non-romantic (ie. conducted by consenting partners who have no romantic or sexual relationship, eg. friends).
    R3:
      A: That we regret the recent subsidisation of fossil fuels in Latin America to combat inflation
        In 2022, countries in Latin America have engaged in significant subsidies of fossil fuels in response to inflation. For example, substantial subsidies have been implemented in Ecuador (worth 0.8% of GDP) and Mexico (worth 1% of GDP) and Peru has cut taxes on fuel (equal to around 0.9% of GDP).
      B: That Latin American countries should form an economic and political bloc
      C: That, as a developing country with a significant share of global rare earth minerals, we would adopt downstreaming.
        Downstreaming is where a country bans the export of raw materials to force global firms to invest and build factories within the country.
    R4:
      A: That it is in the electoral interests of the national Republican Party to strongly oppose Donald Trump's primaries campaign
      B: That, as the Australian Labor Party, we should aggressively compete with China to fund infrastructure in the Solomon Islands
      C: That, as South Korea, we would pursue a close economic and diplomatic tie with Japan
    R5:
      A: That we support the widespread use of Soulbound Tokens
        Soulbound Tokens (SBTs) are digital identity tokens that represent the traits (eg, good communicator, dishonest), features, and achievements (eg, university degree) that make up a person or entity. SBTs are issued by “Souls,” which represent blockchain accounts or wallets, and cannot be transferred.
      B: That we support the advent of decentralised financial systems
      C: That the US should attempt to aggressively contain China's capacity to build AI systems (e.g. by limiting China's ability to skill and retain computer scientists, attract US capital into Chinese AI companies, or access parts needed to build AI systems where the US has significant market share, such as semiconductors).
    R6:
      A: That, as the captain, we would wear "One Love"
        You are the captain of the Wales national team of football. Previously, you had publicly announced that you will be wearing the "One Love" armband in the World Cup against its rules, which exhibits support for the LGBTQ+ movement, in unity with 7 other nations in Europe. However, after FIFA's announcement that such an act may cause the player to be booked or sent off, all teams have reversed their previous decision. You will play your second game of the Group Stage in a couple of hours.
      B: That, where a player of the national team is originally from a different country, nations should be required to pay compensation to their nation of origin
      C: That we support all international sporting events (e.g. FIFA World Cup, the Olympics) having a permanent host nation
    R7:
      A: That we regret Manne's Program in Economics for Federal Judges 
        Manne's Program in Economics for Federal Judges was a program offering economics instruction to federal judges so that they could incorporate economic reasoning into their judgements. This looks like understanding cost-benefit analyses in understanding incentives for committing crime and Coase's Theorem for the allocation of property rights. It was a 2-3 week course and often included lectures from world famous economists like Milton Friedman. Both conservative and liberal judges attended this program with notable attendees being Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas.
      B: That, as a foreign judge on the CFA, we would resign
        The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal (CFA) exercises ultimate judicial power over Hong Kong. However, the Chinese Government has previously, on rare occasion, overturned the CFA’s rulings.
        The CFA appoints a number of top foreign judges from other common law jurisdictions (e.g. UK, Australia) to adjudicate cases alongside Hong Kong’s domestic judges. The foreign judges have historically exercised a large amount of influence over the development of Hong Kong Law.
        Three foreign judges have recently resigned in response to China’s National Security Law. The majority of foreign judges remain.
      C: That we support the widespread use of citizens assemblies in determining law reform in controversial policy areas (e.g., environment, criminal justice)
        A citizens' assembly is a body consisting of randomly-selected citizens who conduct participatory deliberation on a given political issue. Citizens' assemblies are provided with specialist advice and are overseen to ensure they remain independent. In 2019 and 2020, France conducted a citizens' assembly, termed the Citizens' Convention for Climate, where 150 randomly-selected, demographically-representative citizens were tasked with crafting climate policy, which Emanuel Macron largely committed to implement.
    R8:
      A: That the media should disseminate the idea of a "pandemic amnesty"
         A "pandemic amnesty" is a call to move on from the debates that occurred during the pandemic and to no longer place blame for policies implemented (eg, school closures, vaccine rollouts).
      B: That we, as a centre-left party in a liberal democracy, would explicitly seek electoral gains among less-educated voters.
        Since roughly the 1960s, there has been a gradual shift in the average education level of voter demographics for different political parties in democracies across the world. In the mid-twentieth century, the richest and most educated voters typically voted conservative while poorer, less educated voters tended to vote for social democratic/labour parties. While it is still true that the richest voters vote conservative and poorer voters vote progressive, more highly educated voters now tend to be more left-wing. One explanation for this trend is that rates of education attainment have gone up, meaning that education is no longer closely associated with elite voters. This trend has seen relatively less-educated voters vote in increased numbers for right-wing populists like Donald Trump.
      C: That Western operated technology and social media companies (e.g. Facebook, Apple, Twitter) should not give into requests by non-democratic actors to block certain apps or users.
    ESL SF:
      B: That states should only use public housing when conducting social housing policy
        There are two main types of social housing policies. Public housing involves the government directly owning and managing affordable housing. Community housing involves the subsidised provision of housing via non-government organisations, such as companies and community groups.
      C: That developed countries should pursue a policy of degrowth
        Degrowth involves a planned decrease in the size of economic production and consumption occurring within a given economy (often measured via GDP). It could involve the prioritisation of less emissions intense industries, heavy taxes or limits on emissions, shorter work weeks, and voluntary reductions in consumer spending.
    Open Pre-QF:
      A: That we prefer the three cities approach to the CBD approach.
        There are two general approaches to urban planning with respect to peripheral areas of large cities (e.g. Campbelltown ❤). The 'three cities' approach involves developing peripheral areas to be their own, separate hubs, with most people within the area working there. The 'CBD' approach involves investing in greater connectivity between peripheral areas and the true city centre.
      C: That developed countries should pursue a policy of degrowth
        Degrowth involves a planned decrease in the size of economic production and consumption occurring within a given economy (often measured via GDP). It could involve the prioritisation of less emissions intense industries, heavy taxes or limits on emissions, shorter work weeks, and voluntary reductions in consumer spending.
    Open QF:
      A: That we support the CBAM.
        The European Union has recently voted to establish the Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, which will place a levy on carbon-intense goods being imported from outside of the EU. It applies to the importation of various goods (e.g. cement, iron and steel, fertilisers, plastics, electricity) and will assess both the direct and indirect emissions embedded in the production process of the goods.
      C: That the environmentalist movement should include a just transition away from the animal agriculture industry in its messaging
        "Just transition" rhetoric refers to economic transitions away from emissions-intense industries that attempt to account for social justice, for example by providing guaranteed jobs for workers who lose their jobs due to decarbonisation. Currently, a just transition is conceived as a transition away from fossil fuels extraction and combustion.
    Open SF:
      B: That Western states should support local rebel groups (e.g. by funding them and giving them intel) as opposed to direct military intervention in other states
    EFL Grand Final:
      A: That we would allow doctors to override advance care directives
        An Advance Care Directive (ACD) is a legal document in which a person of sound mind specifies what actions should be taken for their health if they are no longer able to make decisions for themselves (because of illness or incapacity). Doctors are legally required to uphold the instructions of an ACD, irrespective of their professional medical opinions.
      B: That it is in the interests of the Catholic church for an 'extrovert' pope to succeed Pope Francis.
        Introvert' Catholics believe that the Church should remain discrete from the modern, secular world, keeping as close to tradition as possible, and being actively-countercultural. 'Extrovert' Catholics see the Church as responding to the needs of the world, and are more tolerant of making doctrinal change to align with changing social values. Pope Francis is very much an 'extrovert'.
    Open GF:
      C: Assuming the technology exists, that it is immoral to create simulated high-fidelity alternate universes.
        "In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move." - Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
	MITDT 2022
		R1 (self love)
			THR the commodification of self care.
		R2 (Economics)
			THBT it is in India's best interest to spend significantly more on its space program.
				India runs a cost effective space program, that has seen good success rates.
		R3 (Relationships)
			TH opposes the narrative that everyone has a soulmate.
		R4 (Art)
			THO the recent trend of biopics about criminals. (Art)
		GF (Ethics)
			This House Prefers a world in which it is impossible to tell lies.
	GLC Debate 2022
		R1 (Politics)
			THW criminalize politicians who don't fulfill campaign promises.
		R2 (Carbon Offset Programmes)
			THR carbon offset programs.
				Carbon offsets allow a polluting company to compensate for its emissions by funding some other entity to cut or remove a given quantity of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere (through measures such as setting up wind turbines, afforestation etc.). The offsets are global in nature i.e. the removal of greenhouse gases does not need to be in the same country that the company is operating in.
	Chungdahm 2020
		R1
			THBT celebrities are paid too much for the work that they do.
		R2
			THW disallow companies from asking about the criminal histories of any applicants.
		R3
			THW restrict the development of artificial intelligence.
	Sogang Rookie Tournament 2019 Fall
		R1
			THW make all non-academic performance in class irrelevant to the final grading of the student (i.e., attendance, extra-curricular activities, and extra credit from internships)
		R2
			TH, as an openly queer/non-heteronormative individual would not date someone who chooses to stay in the closet
		R3
			TH, as the South Korean government, would grant high tax and social benefits to interracial married couples residing in South Korea.
		R4
			THR the dominant narrative of ‘Do What You Love’ as a metric of individual success
		R5
			THS social media companies (i.e., Twitter, Facebook, Youtube, etc.) action to ban accounts that post content of extremist and populist views.
		Quaterfinals
			THBT feminists should support the creation of gender segregated public spaces (including but not limited to women only MRT buses, taxis for women only)
		Semifinals
			In times of severe economic crisis, THW suspend current democratic regimes and replace them with a rule under a board of technocrats.
		Grandfinals
			Assuming feasibility, THW, immediately after their death, forcibly resurrect individuals who committed suicide.

