Shanghai International Debate Open
	SIDO 10/23/2020
		R1
			THW REDUCE THE PRISON SENTENCES OF CONVICTS OF SERIOUS CRIMES IF THEY VOLUNTEER FOR CRITICALLY IMPORTANT BUT POTENTIALLY HAZARDOUS MEDICAL EXPERIMENTS
		R2
			THBT the technology should be destroyed
		R3
			As the Democratic Party, THW seek to expand the number of justices on the Supreme Cour
		R4
			In post colonial societies (Brazil, Singapore, Congo) TH prefers a benevolent dictatorship to a fully representative democracy
		R5
			THW Require adult children to take care of their parents
		R6
			TH Opposes the depiction of individual struggle as a source of empowerment (e.g. cancer patient in chemo, feminist in conservative country, BLM in the US)
		R7
			THBT women from privileged backgrounds should decline any senior or leadership positions within the feminist movement.
		HighSchool_Quarter
			THW recognise religious indoctrination as a mitigating factor in criminal sentencing
		HighSchool_Semi
			THS the Extinction Rebellion Movement
		HighSchool_Final
			THP a world where people predominantly believe that free will does not exist
		Open_Octa
			THBT parents from marginalised minority communities in the West should teach their children to believe in relying upon their own communities as opposed to state authorities (e.g. police forces).
		Open_Quarter
			TH prefers a world where individuals engage in interpersonal discourse with little to no emotions, as opposed to with strong emotions
		Open_Semi
			TH prefers a world where Islam had its own centralised personal authority (like the Pope in Catholicism)
		Open_Final
			THO the ideology of globalism
	SIDO 3/30/2018
		Round 1:
			motion: This House Believes That states should not prosecute members of terrorist organisations (e.g. ISIS, Al-Qaeda) who surrender to those states.
		Round 2:
			This House Would anonymize the funding, display, and sale of art
		Round 3:
			THW, as a billionaire who opposes Artificial Intelligence, fund violent and destructive action against companies that aim to create strong Artificial Intelligence
		Round 4:
			This House Believes That NATO should end all political, economic, and military support for the Russian Commonwealth.
		Round 5:
			This House Would ban religious institutions from asking for donations from their followers.
		Round 6:
			This House Believes That former colonial powers should drastically increase the number of immigrants from their ex-colonies.
		Novice_Quarter
			Countries wiThis House declining populations should abandon policies that aim to increase the birThis House rate (ex. incentivising citizens to marry and have children)
		Novice_Semi
			This House Believes That environmental advocacy groups should prioritise individual-centric actions (e.g. recycling, not eating meat etc.) at the expense of policy-level changes
		Novice final motion:
			This House Believes That WLDs should introduce ‘youthocratic’ voting.
		Open_Octos
			This House Believes That states without the deaThis House penalty should never extradite individuals to countries where they may face the deaThis House penalty (info slide: extradition)
		The Open Quarter Final motion:
			This House Believes That the IMF should not make financial support conditional on recipient states adopting austerity measures
		Open Semi Final:
			This house, as a parent, would teach their female children to adopt traditionally masculine personality traits (e.g. self-promotion, assertiveness)
		The Open Final motion:
			THR the glorification of hard work
	4th SIDO (2018)
		R1
			THBT states should not prosecute members of terrorist organisations (e.g. ISIS, Al-Qaeda) who surrender to those states.
		R2
			THW anonymize the funding, display, and sale of art
		R3
			THW, as a billionaire who opposes Artificial Intelligence, fund violent and destructive action against companies that aim to create strong Artificial Intelligence
		R4
			THBT NATO should end all political, economic, and military support for the Russian Commonwealth.
		R5
			THW ban religious institutions from asking for donations from their followers.
		R6
			THBT former colonial powers should drastically increase the number of immigrants from their ex-colonies.
		Novice QF
			Countries with declining populations should abandon policies that aim to increase the birth rate (ex. incentivising citizens to marry and have children)
		Novice SF
			THBT environmental advocacy groups should prioritise individual-centric actions (e.g. recycling, not eating meat etc.) at the expense of policy-level changes
		Novice GF
			THBT WLDs should introduce 'youthocratic' voting.
		Open OF
			THBT states without the death penalty should never extradite individuals to countries where they may face the death penalty
				(info slide: extradition)
		Open QF
			THBT the IMF should not make financial support conditional on recipient states adopting austerity measures
		Open SF
			TH, as a parent, would teach their female children to adopt traditionally masculine personality traits (e.g. self-promotion, assertiveness)
		Open GF
			THR the glorification of hard work
	3th SIDO (2017)
		R1
			THBT China should transition from its character-based script to an alphabet-based script.
				In a character-based script,a written character represents a word or phrase, but may not clear as to how it is spoken.In an alphabat-based script, individual character represent sounds rather than concepts, and are combined to make words and phrases that have meanings.
		R2
			THBT US government employees should leak embarassing information about the Trump Administration to the press e.g. Trump’s tax returns, details of internal political disputes, embarassing personal details, etc.
		R3
			THBT feminists in developing countries should encourage women not to have children
		R4
			THW ban all research into the creation of strong AI
		R5
			TH prefers a world where human beings have no desire to have sex.
		R6
			TH regrets the reign of Qin Shi Huang.
				Qin Shi Huang was the first emperor of a unified china. He unified the country from a collection of warring states.
		R7
			THW require all citizens to perform two years of national civic services(ex. in healthcare, education, helping the elderly, etc.)
		OF
			THBT the state should redistribute all donations to charities according to an evidence-based assessment of their utility.
		QF
			THBT social media should manipulate user experience to promote social harmony.
		SF
			THBT States should allow private companies to bid for the right to govern part of their territory.
				right to govern: the making and enforcement of rules
		GF
			TH regrets the decision to list democracy as a fundamental human right in the UN’s universal declaration of Human Rights.