SMU Hammers
	2021 SMU Hammers
		R1
			THS the use of harsh truths and realities over an idealistic approach in educating children about career aspirations
			THR the politicisation of student unions in developing countries
			THBT schools’ curriculums in developing countries should prioritize the students’ performance in STEM subjects even at the cost of students’ talents in non-STEM subjects
		R2
			Assuming feasibility, TH, as the doctor would anonymously leak the information
			THS 'No Marriage' movement (비혼주위자) in South Korea
			THR the emphasis on "grit and tenacity" as traits women should possess to succeed
		R3
			In asymmetric warfare THBT it is justified for the significantly weaker side to target the wealthy and aristocratic enemy civilians
			THBT the African Union should implement a single currency for all its member states
			TH, As the British Royal Family, will actively criticise the legacy of Winston Churchill
		R4
			THBT the state should not fund any works of art or performances that the average citizen would not recognize as having artistic merit
			THS the mainstream commercialisation of Asian culture and art in the West
			THBT the state should ban the creation, distribution and displays of art which involve elements of self harm (e.g. "The Starving Artist", exhibitions which involve artists in uncomfortable positions for long periods of time, blood painting)
		Novice SF
			THP a world where religions place more emphasis on the performance of good deeds rather than acts of worship and piety
			THBT the Queer community should push for separate religious spaces for the community
			THBT religious preachers should abandon the notion of "God's Plan" when preaching to underprivileged communities
		Novice GF
			This House would not allow serving politicians or their immediate families to use private services where public ones are available (i.e. education, healthcare)
			THBT it is a legitimate tactic for activists to launch campaigns of personal attacks/insults at the family members of corrupt politicians
			THO respectability politics
		Open OF
			THR the glorification of long-term relationships
			THW ban labeling of preferences in gay hookup and/or dating apps
			THO the narrative that people should seek a sense of belonging
		Open QF
			THBT it is in the interests of China to formalise relations with the Taliban
			THBT the West should fund Private Military Contractors for the National Unity Government in Myanmar to combat the Military Junta
			With the benefit of hindsight THW have created a Jewish state in Germany, rather than a Jewish state in the British Mandate of Palestine
		Open SF
			THBT progressive individuals should have a zero tolerance policy for people with bigoted views in their social circles
			TH supports stronger collective bargaining rights and protections rather than legislated labor market regulations (e.g., wage levels and working conditions)
			THBT it is justified for social activists in developing countries to work with socially regressive bodies and institutions in the state
		Open GF
			THP a world in which individuals do not possess a desire to compete with one another
			THP a world without social validation as a motivating factor for peoples' decisionmaking
			THR the narrative that one should maximise leisure over productivity in life
	2013 SMU Hammers
		R1: Religion
			THW ban any depiction of the Prophet Mohhammed.
			THW remove all tax exemptions for religions, except to the extent they do conventional charitable work.
			THBT Pope Francis should advocate for socialism.
				(GO GO POPE FRANCIS!)
		R2: The City
			THBT developing countries should limit rural to urban migration.
			THW limit the construction of high-value residential properties.
			THBT public transport should be owned and operated by the state.
		R3: Election
			THBT Pakistan should withdraw support for the War on Terror.
			THBT Libya should repeal the ban on senior members on Gaddafi Regime (including civil servant, military personnel, parliamentarians, financiers) from holding positions in government.
			THBT the Philippines should ban political dynasties.
		R4: Modern Culture
			TH regrets Disney’s film continuation of the Star War Sage.
			THBT the LGBTQ community should regret the rise of Macklemore (a heterosexual male, who raps about gay love).
			TH regrets the rise of newly mega-rich football clubs, like Paris Saint German, Chelsea and Manchester City.
		R5: Women
			THBT feminist movement should discourage women from having and raising children.
			TH supports affirmative action for women in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math.
			THBT the democratic party should have selected Hilary Clinton rather than Barack Obama during the 2008 US presidential primaries.
		OF
			TH supports corporate funding of Wikipedia.
			THW nationalize all large social media websites.
			THW bail out failing newspapers.
		QF: Economics
			THBT the WTO should allow developing countries to erect trade barriers against developed countries.
			THW reverse austerity measures in Europe.
			THW break up Goldman Sachs.
		SF: Ideas
			THW never die for country.
			TH prefers a world without marriage.
			TH regrets the decline of Marxist political ideologies.
		JC Final: Conflict
			THW invade North Korea.
			THR the militarization of the African Union.
			THW end US extraterritorial drug enforcement operations in Latin America.
		GF: Legacy
			TH celebrates the legacy of Margaret Thatcher.
			TH does not regret the invasion of Iraq.
			THBT the US should pay reparation to Japan for Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
	2012 SMU Hammers
		Round 1: 99% of the Debaters, 1% of the Careers (Justice and the Law) Song: Mighty Morphin Power Rangers – Main Theme
			THW abolish prisons in favour of community sentencing and other alternative punishment methods, for all but the most heinous crimes.
			THBT criminals that live in public housing and who are convicted of drug trafficking should be evicted from their homes, in addition to any existing penalties.
			THW abolish the statutory age for sexual relations and predicate its legality purely on consent instead.
		Round 2: WOAR! (Geopolitics) Song: Ride of the Valkyries – Richard Wagner
			TH prefers the African Court of Justice and Human Rights to the International Criminal Court.
			THW undermine the sovereignty of a state in order to eradicate organized crime and illicit trade.
			THW give priority to asylum seekers who have participated in active resistance against oppressive dictatorships in their home countries.
		Round 3: The Lack Of Money Is The Root Of All Evil (Economics) Song: Travie McCoy – “Billionaire” ft. Bruno Mars
			THW abolish income taxes and institute wealth taxes instead.
			THW permit workers to forego compulsory health insurance coverage for a higher take home wage.
			THW place a tax on the holding of patents proportional to the patent owner’s income and number of patents held.
		Round 4: Smile For the Camera and Do the Handshake (ASEAN): Song: Smokey – The Coconut Song
			THBT ASEAN states whose sovereign territory includes their adjacent waterway should be made legally responsible for providing naval security from pirates, to any ships passing within their territorial waters.
			THBT recent political developments in Burma have vindicated the ASEAN way of positive engagement without punitive sanctions.
			THBT the USA should intervene in ASEAN territorial disputes involving China.
		Round 5: Maybe He’s Born With It (Gay Rights) Song: Carly Rae Jepsen – “Call Me Maybe”
			TH supports the creation of segregated schools for youth who explicitly self-identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or queer/questioning (LGBTQ).
			THBT in-your-face activism strategies (e.g. pride parades, rainbow protest rallies) harm the gay rights movement’s efforts to construct a modern gay identity.
			TH regrets the rise of Grindr and other gay-themed social networking cum video-sharing websites.
		Joke Round: Adjudication Core Goes Ape-Shit (Joke Round) Song: Pinky and the Brain Main Theme
			THBT corrective surgery for diminutive genitalia should be covered under a national health insurance scheme in countries where such a scheme exists.
			THW create segregated spaces for annoying little kids and sniveling whiny parents who can’t control them, in public spaces of all kinds. Like airplanes.
			THBT the gay agenda should actively celebrate and milk the current popularity of slash fiction and fanon guy-on-guy action among today’s young women, in order to build tomorrow’s critical support base for gay rights.
		JC Break Semi-finals: The Little Engine that Could (Singapore) Song: Tanya Chua – “Where I Belong”
			THW impose a quota for new citizens and foreigners in public housing districts.
			THBT liberal arts colleges seeded in Asia by Western parent colleges should be allowed to operate under Western laws governing freedom of speech, so long as such expression only takes place on the college’s campus grounds.
			THBT the renewal of contracts of CEOs of privatized public utility companies should be contingent on public consent via national referenda.
		JC Break Finals: Highway To Hell / Stairway To Heaven (Religion) Song: Splender – “I Think God Can Explain”
			THBT in liberal democracies, members of religious groups should be allowed to obtain immunity from hate speech prosecution in exchange for their right to vote.
			THBT small churches are preferable to megachurches.
			THBT in a secular democracy, Supreme Court appointees should publicly renounce any prior religious affiliation before taking office.
		Open Octo-finals: MOAR WOAR! (Geopolitics Yet Again) Song: Johnny Hates Jazz – “I Don’t Wanna Be A Hero”
			TH prefers the consequences of potentially unilateral armed intervention to a nuclear Iran.
			THW prioritize armed intervention in South Sudan over intervention in Syria.
			THBT the United Nations should turn Somalia into a DMZ and work towards the establishment of a new African state.
		Open Quarter-Finals: Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock (Science and Technology) Song: Barenaked Ladies – “Big Bang Theory Theme”
			In the absence of a will stating otherwise, THBT families should have access to and ownership of all digital property and information, even those stored online, of their deceased relatives.
			THW allow the creation of donor siblings.
			THBT ISPs and dot-coms (e.g. companies like Google, Twitter, and Facebook) should, within the bounds of the law, actively undermine both real and potential government surveillance efforts.
		Open Semi-finals: Nothing Is True, Everything Is Permitted (Rights and Ethics) Song: The Beatles – “Strawberry Fields Forever”
			THBT immigration laws and visa regimes that restrict the movement of people across borders are morally condemnable.
			THBT self-harm is never a legitimate basis for any restrictive legislation.
			THBT there can be no equality of opportunity without the equality of outcome.
		Open Grand Finals: Choose Your Own Adventure (First Person Motions) Song: Final Fantasy IX – Boss Theme
			(Iron Man) You are Tony Stark. THW turn over the Iron Man armor to the government.
			(Passion of the Christ) You’re a religious leader living in Jerusalem around 32 A.D. with the ability to perform miracles and a large following. The Roman Empire has sent soldiers to arrest you ostensibly for inciting rebellion as The King of the Jews. Given a choice between actively resisting arrest and willingly going to your death, THW actively resist arrest.
			(Were the World Mine) You’re Timothy, a gay university student secretly in love with your straight best friend, who is an LGBTQ supporter. He accepts your sexuality but does not reciprocate romantically. You find one dose of a magic potion with which you can spike his lunch soda to change his current orientation from heterosexual to homosexual. This is the only dose you will ever get, and no one will ever find out. THW use the potion.