Sunway
	Sunway Asian Parliamentary 2023
		R1
			THBT developing countries should establish charter cities
				Balance $stats 4, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 11, 6, 42
				The creation of a charter city involves a developing country offering a long-term lease of vacant land to a foreign government or company (the lessee). The lessee owns the right to build and govern, under its own law, a new city in the allotted land for a pre-determined period of time.
			THBT developing nations with net importing agricultural sectors should adopt a strategy of currency devaluation
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 10, 13, 42
				Currency devaluation is defined as the process of implementing government policy (fiscal and monetary) to artifically lower the value of a country's currency relative to foreign currencies.
			THBT rapid urbanization in the developing world does more harm than good for poverty alleviation
				Balance $stats 10, 7, 21
				Veto $stats 0, 2, 42
		R2
			TH, as an up-and-coming star with a minority background on social media, would focus on becoming a 'deinfluencer' over an 'influencer'
				Balance $stats 7, 5, 21
				Veto $stats 2, 6, 42
				"Deinfluencing" is a recent phenomenon on social media where ‘deinfluencers’ critique mainstream products, standards, or lifestyle choices. Deinfluencing stands in contrast to commercial influencing culture where influencers actively promote products, standards, or lifestyle choices (example: 'deinfluencing' viewers by critiquing makeup brands for not having inclusive shades vs. 'influencing' viewers by advocating for the positive aspects of the same makeup brands).
			THO the rise of the "Rent a Girlfriend" industry
				Balance $stats 3, 4, 21
				Veto $stats 4, 10, 42
				In the "Rent a Girlfriend" industry, men are able to hire willing women to act as their girlfriends in return for an agreed upon amount of money. Depending on the agreement, the "girlfriend" may offer services to meet the client’s family and pretend to be in a serious relationship or to offer additional "physical services" to the client. The "Rent a Girlfriend" industry has lately boomed in China and Japan.
			THR the popularity of success stories of immigrants who have made it in the developed world (e.g. Malaysian students studying in Oxford, Michelle Yeoh becoming an A-List actress)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 21
				Veto $stats 15, 5, 42
		R3
			THBT the EU's deforestation regulation is in the interest of Malaysia
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 21
				Veto $stats 16, 2, 42
				The European Union (EU) has recently imposed regulations on soy, coffee, palm oil, and other commodities that are linked to deforestation around the world from being sold in the EU market. Companies are now required to prove that their products do not contribute to deforestation in order to avoid hefty fines. Malaysia has strongly opposed the regulation, calling it discriminatory against developing countries as it hurts the local palm oil industry.
			THBT Malaysia should heavily invest in traditional sports over global sports
				Balance $stats 6, 8, 21
				Veto $stats 1, 4, 42
				Traditional sports in Malaysia, such as diabolo spinning, sepak takraw, and silat, hold deep cultural significance amongst their respective communities. These sports have seen a decline in popularity in recent years in favour of more global sports such as badminton, squash, and cycling.
			THBT it is in Anwar's interest to amend AUKU to expand the political freedom of students and academic staff in Malaysian universities
				Balance $stats 0, 4, 21
				Veto $stats 4, 15, 42
				The University and University Colleges Act (AUKU) 1971 defines the structure of higher education institutions in Malaysia and contains provisions conffering powers onto the government over public universities. One such provision in AUKU 1971 grants the government full authority over the appointment of the public university's Vice Chancellors, who frequently restrict the political freedom of students and academic staff alike as it allows the Vice Chancellor to suspend or dissolve activities "jeapordising the university's interest or hamony." Prominent victims of the AUKU provision include the current Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, who was banned from entering his alma mater. In his original manifesto, Anwar had pledged to repeal AUKU in its entirety; today, the Ministry of Higher Education recently announced that they would be in support of an amendment, but not a full repeal.
		R4
			THO the prominence of sports diplomacy
				Balance $stats 7, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 9, 6, 42
				Sports diplomacy is the use of sports as a platform to express political views and influence politics. Sports diplomacy may include states using sports as a medium of diplomacy (e.g. banning South Africa from the Olympics due to their Apartheid policies) or athletes using their platform to speak out on political issues.
			THBT social movements should advocate for members of its population to assimilate into, instead of dismantle, the systems it opposes (e.g., Black Lives Matter advocating for Black Americans to join the police force, the feminist movement advocating for women to co-opt masculine behaviors in the workplace)
				Balance $stats 4, 3, 21
				Veto $stats 9, 5, 42
			THBT feminist groups should exclusively operate locally and nationally as opposed to operating globally (e.g., prioritizing a local agenda over a global one)
				Balance $stats 2, 5, 21
				Veto $stats 3, 10, 42
		Pre QF
			In developing countries, THW significantly limit the number of individuals in political dynasties to stand for office
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
				A political dynasty is a notable family who has multiple members active in politics. Examples of political dynasties include the Marcos and Duterte families in the Philippines, the Lee family in Singapore, and the Mahathir and Anwar families in Malaysia.
			Assuming no other Republican candidate runs for president, TH, as the Republican party, would choose to nominate Nikki Haley as the Republican presidential candidate over Donald Trump
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 8
				Nikki Haley is a right-leaning Republican politician who was the first female governor of Asian American heritage and the first Indian American member of a presidential cabinet as the former US ambassador to the U.N. under the Trump administration. Examples of Haley's political standings include supporting the 'don't say gay' bill, calling for an increase in military force against cartels in Mexico, and stricter immigration controls. Haley is currently running for President in the 2024 US General Election alongside Donald Trump.
			THR the decline of class as the primary organizing political identity
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
		QF
			THP Federal-Reserve driven bailouts as opposed to legislature-driven bailouts
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 3, 8
				For the purposes of this debate, a Federal Reserve-driven bailout refers to a bailout of financial institutions that is primarily initiated, financed, and implemented, through the tools of the Federal Reserve (e.g. monetary policy, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, etc.).
				On the other hand, a legislature-driven bailout refers to a bailout of financial institutions that is primarily initiated, financed, and implemented, through the tools of the legislative branch (e.g. fiscal policy, stimulus packages, etc.).
			THBT the Federal Trade Commission of the US should halt all mergers and acquisitions during times of economic crisis
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 1, 8
			THBT it is in the interest of cryptocurrency exchange platforms to accept all federal regulations similarly imposed on other financial institutions (examples include but are not limited to: strict verification and credit requirements for users, and being subject to reserve requirements and approved-asset lists from the Federal Reserve, among others)
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 8
		SF
			THS the adoption of historical revisionism in post-conflict societies
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 4
				"Historical revisionism" is the re-interpretation of a historical account by revisiting known sources or analyzing new sources. The findings of historical revisionism may alter the way a historical event is seen. Examples of historical revisionism include challenging the actions of a historical figure, debating the extent of casualties, or disputing the known facts of an incident.
			THW join the MPAJA instead of informing the Japanese on the activities of your fellow villagers
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				It is 1943, at the height of the Japanese occupation of Malaya during the Second World War following the surrender of British forces in Malaya and Singapore. The occupation is proving brutal against Malayan civilians who face starvation, poverty, and constant fear as the Japanese would torture or execute those under suspicion of resisting Japanese rule. The fight against the Japanese was led by the Malayan Peoples' Anti-Japanese Army (MPAJA), made up of guerilla fighters and civilians providing food, supplies, and intelligence. You are a civilian in a village facing brutal hardship under Japanese rule. You are aware of other villagers who provide food and supplies to the MPAJA unbeknownst to the Japanese. At the same time, the Japanese government is offering definite rewards in the form of food, money, and shelter in exchange for information on any anti-Japanese activity.
			THR the portrayal of major historical figures as infallible
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
		GF
			THW prefer to be a Sim
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				The Sims is a life-simulating video game where the player can create a human avatar (the Sim) and control all aspects of the Sim's life, such as their appearance, career, and love interests. The world of the Sims is not a utopia and also includes real-world misfortunes, such as falling sick, financial struggles, and ageing.
			THW use Retrospect3000
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Retrospect3000 is a technology capable of seeing 10 years into the past to observe what would have happened if, when making the most important decision in your life, you had made a different choice. Although you can see what would have happened, you cannot change the past. It has been 10 years since you made the decision you consider to be the most important one in your life.
			THW prefer to be born knowing your fate
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				For the purposes of the debate, "fate" refers to all events over the course of one's life, including: the career path you will go into, the exact person you will marry, and the circumstances of your death.
		HS GF
			THBT the British government is justified in revoking Shemima Begum's citizenship
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Shemima Begum is a British-born woman who left to Syria to join ISIS at the age of 15 in 2015. In response, the British government revoked her citizenship and barred her entry into the United Kingdom. Begum has been living in a refugee camp in Northern Syria since 2020. In 2023, Begum’s appeal to the British government to reinstate her citizenship was rejected on grounds of ‘posing a threat.’
			THBT it is in the interest of Middle Eastern governments to cooperate with Western efforts to assassinate terrorist leaders under their jurisdiction
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THR the widespread depiction of veterans as good people
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
		Rookie GF
			THS periodic constitutional conventions in constitutional democracies
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				A 'constitutional convention' is the gathering of delegates for the purpose of discussing the nation's Constitution. Depending on circumstance, the delegates may choose to maintain, omit, or add clauses into the Constitution; they may also elect to rewrite the entire Constitution.
			THP Supreme Courts take originalist stances when interpreting the law as opposed to interventionist stances
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				"Originalism" refers to the the theory of interpreting the Constitution as closely as possible to the original intention and meaning that it had during the time of its writing. "Interventionism", on the other hand, refers to the theory of interpreting the Constitution in a way that actively circumvents this original intention in favor of suiting modern-day political issues.
			Assuming feasibility, THW replace all human roles in the criminal justice system (e.g. judges, juries etc.) with artificial intelligence
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
	Sunway Debate Open 2022
		R1
			THW mandate that buy outs of major social media platforms be subject to a vote of approval by their users
				OG $stats 3, 2, 10, 3
				OO $stats 4, 9, 4, 1
				CG $stats 7, 1, 1, 9
				CO $stats 4, 6, 3, 5
		R2
			TH, as a progressive young Malaysian politician, would join MUDA rather than PH
				OG $stats 5, 3, 7, 3
				OO $stats 3, 7, 5, 3
				CG $stats 4, 4, 4, 6
				CO $stats 6, 4, 2, 6
				Malaysia's most recent general election (GE15) resulted in a hung government as no single party or coalition won a sufficient majority. The current government is a unity government led by the centre-left Pakatan Harapan (PH), with the support of six other minority parties. MUDA is a youth-led, progressive political party which only won one seat in GE15 and has pledged support to PH's unity government.
		R3
			THP a world where the dominant religion believes in one benevolent god who is the Universe's sole creator and surveyor (eg. Islam, Christianity), as opposed to a world where the dominant religion believes in many morally ambiguous spiritual entities (eg. Ancient Greek religion, European folklore, animistic beliefs)
				OG $stats 3, 2, 9, 4
				OO $stats 7, 3, 6, 2
				CG $stats 3, 6, 0, 9
				CO $stats 5, 7, 3, 3
		R4
			THS the increasing decentralisation of healthcare
				OG $stats 3, 5, 5, 5
				OO $stats 4, 8, 5, 1
				CG $stats 3, 4, 5, 6
				CO $stats 8, 1, 3, 6
				For the purposes of the debate, the decentralisation of healthcare refers to initiatives taken to broaden the capacity of individuals to take charge of their own healthcare (e.g., the increased prevalence of self-diagnosis, wider availability of over-the-counter medicine, the popularity of health journalism).
		R5
			In cities with scarce housing availability, THP programmes which provide the means for those in need to relocate to different cities with lower costs of living instead of programmes to build or subsidise affordable housing in the same city
				OG $stats 6, 4, 6, 2
				OO $stats 2, 8, 4, 4
				CG $stats 7, 5, 1, 5
				CO $stats 3, 1, 7, 7
		QF
			TH, as an artist living in a post-conflict state, would create art exclusively with messages of unity and inspiration, rather than exclusively create art depicting previous or ongoing suffering
				OG $stats 2, 2
				OO $stats 1, 3
				CG $stats 3, 1
				CO $stats 2, 2
		SF
			THBT developing countries should never commit to having their sovereign debt disputes settled by courts in foreign countries
				OG $stats 1, 1
				OO $stats 2, 0
				CG $stats 0, 2
				CO $stats 1, 1
				Sovereign debt disputes are disputes between creditors (e.g. institutional investors, hedge funds etc.) and the governments they lend money to. They typically arise over interpretation of repayment terms and in instances of debt restructuring.
		GF
			TH, as the Communist Party of China, hopes that Russia loses the Russia-Ukraine war
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
		Rookie SF
			THR the idolisation of people considered to be "geniuses"
				OG $stats 2, 0
				OO $stats 0, 2
				CG $stats 1, 1
				CO $stats 1, 1
		Rookie GF
			TH, as Doctor Maito, would not tell anyone about the scar
				OG $stats 0, 1
				OO $stats 1, 0
				CG $stats 0, 1
				CO $stats 0, 1
				Dr. Maito is conducting a standard operation on a patient to retrieve a sample of kidney tissue for biopsy. During the operation, he discovers the initials 'AS' laser-scarred onto the kidney. Referring to the patient's medical records, he discovers the patient had previously undergone a kidney transplant surgery under their close friend and colleague Dr. Aireen Shli, who had used a laser to permanently scar their initials on the patient's kidney out of pride for their exceptional surgical work. The scar cannot be removed, does not affect the patient's health in any way, and will definitely not be discovered by anyone else after Dr. Maito's operation.