Taylor's Debate Open
	Taylor's Debate Open 2022
		R1
			THS the rise of anti-natalism
				Balance $stats 1, 4, 21
				Veto $stats 6, 5, 36
				Anti-natalism is the ethical and moral view that procreation is wrong. Antinatalists argue that humans should abstain from procreation because it is morally wrong.
			THW grant those diagnosed with terminal illnesses the right to access treatments that have not completed clinical testing
				Balance $stats 8, 3, 21
				Veto $stats 1, 6, 36
			THW scale national health insurance premiums based on unhealthy lifestyle factors (e.g., obesity, smoking)
				Balance $stats 1, 4, 21
				Veto $stats 11, 7, 36
		R2
			THBT Western states should support local rebel groups (e.g. by funding them and giving them intel) as opposed to direct military intervention in other states
				Balance $stats 8, 4, 21
				Veto $stats 4, 5, 42
			THS the use of lustration in countries transitioning from authoritarian regimes
				Balance $stats 4, 5, 21
				Veto $stats 4, 5, 42
				Lustration is a policy which involves the systematic removal and political exclusion, often without trial, of officials at all levels of the political system associated with former regimes and their political parties, e.g. officials associated with the communist parties in Central and Eastern Europe after the collapse of the Soviet Union. This process is normally conducted by the new more democratic establishment.
			TH as a Western European government, W recognise and establish ties with the Taliban government in Afghanistan
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 13, 11, 42
		R3
			THW allow individual workers to waive their labour rights (e.g., days off, hours limits, parental leave) in exchange for additional pay
				Balance $stats 3, 5, 21
				Veto $stats 6, 4, 36
			THBT the IMF should require collateral for bailouts
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 10, 10, 36
				The term collateral refers to an asset, e.g. real estate, that a lender accepts as security for a loan. If the borrower defaults on their loan payments, the lender can seize the collateral and sell it to recoup some or all of its losses.
			THR the popularity of 'Buy now, pay later'
				Balance $stats 6, 5, 21
				Veto $stats 2, 4, 36
				Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) is a type of short-term financing that allows consumers to make purchases and pay for them at a future date, often interest-free. Consumers typically make an upfront payment toward the purchase, then pay the remainder off in a predetermined number of installments. Non-payment is passed on to debt collectors and impacts the consumer’s credit score.
		R4
			THW allow parents to remove their children from specific classes at school (such as sports, religious studies, sex education and science) on moral, religious or political grounds
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 21
				Veto $stats 17, 9, 42
			THBT parents of children from lower socio-economic backgrounds should actively discourage their children from pursuing liberal arts majors (e.g. sociology, art history, humanities)
				Balance $stats 4, 6, 21
				Veto $stats 1, 8, 42
			TH, as a middle-class mother, would teach their daughter to devalue romantic relationships
				Balance $stats 5, 6, 21
				Veto $stats 3, 4, 42
		QF, Rookie SF
			THW ban corporate sponsorship of academic research
				QF Balance $stats 1, 3, 4
				QF Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				Rookie SF Balance $stats 1, 1, 2
				Rookie SF Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			THW ban for-profit universities and colleges
				QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Rookie SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
			In states with high unemployment, THBT governments should choose to make education for STEM fields free at the cost of increasing the tuition of humanities
				QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Rookie SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
		SF, Rookie GF
			THR the romanticisation of civil rights activists as pacifist and moderate
				SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				Rookie GF Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Rookie GF Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			THBT the feminist movement should support female athletes who capitalise on their sexuality to increase the viewership of female sporting leagues
				SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			THBT LGBTQIA+ activists in post-colonial states should promote the narrative that their former colonisers have an obligation to victims of homophobia and queerphobia (e.g. pushing countries to open their borders to all LGBTQIA+ asylum claims and offer significant reparations)
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 1, 2, 4
		GF
			THR the decline of economic class as the primary organiser of political identity in mainstream left in western liberal democracies
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			THR MUDA's decision to join the Pakatan Harapan coalition
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				The Malaysian United Democratic Alliance (MUDA) is a multi-racial and youth-centric political party in Malaysia formed by Syed Saddiq Syed Abdul Rahman in September 2020. Pakatan Harapan is the coalition of centre-right and centre-left Opposition parties in Malaysia, including Parti Keadilan Rakyat (PKR) and Democratic Action Party (DAP), the two leading Opposition parties in Malaysia.
			THBT the Republican and Democratic parties should select congressional, senate and presidential candidates through a vote by the party leadership rather than through primaries
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
	Taylor's Debate Open 2021
		R1
			TH, as a parent from a minority community, would raise their child to have a pessimistic outlook on life
				For the purpose of this debate, a pessimistic outlook on life refers to an outlook whereby individuals have low expectations with regards to the success/happiness that one can acquire during their lifetime
		R2: Activism
			THBT progressive activists in developing countries should integrate conservative rhetoric and religious institutions into their advocacy, rather than distancing from them
		R3: International Relations
			TH, as the National unity government of Myanmar, would embrace a strategy of violent resistance against the military junta, including but not limited to cooperating with the rebel chin front and other militia groups
				The National Unity Government of Myanmar refers to a government that is currently operating in exile. The National Unity Government is formed by the Committee Representing Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, a group of elected lawmakers and members of parliament ousted in the 2021 Myanmar coup coup d'état. The National Unity Government also includes Aung San Suu Kyi, as the state counsellor.
				The military junta refers to the military government that gained power following the 2021 coup.
				The Rebel Chin Front refers to one of the largest ethnic armed rebellion organizations in Myanmar.
		R4: Feminism
			THS girlboss feminism
				Girlboss feminism is a form of feminism that glorifies the individual financial and professional success of women as the ultimate form of female empowerment.
		Open Pre QF: LGBTQ+
			TH, as the LGBTQ movement, would condemn prominent members of the community who conform with heteronormative ideals
		Open QF
			THBT post conflict socities should emphasize the narrative of the "banality of evil" when interpreting atrocities committed in the past
				The concept of 'banality of evil' claims that most perpetrators of great acts of evil are ordinary people, with no motive other than promoting their own advancement in society. Under this concept, perpetrators do not have to be "radically evil" and can be responsible for atrocities through their common acts or omissions.
		Open SF
			THBT the establishment of the AfCFTA has done more harm than good for African nations
				The African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) is a free trade area founded in 2018, with trade commencing as of 1 January 2021. The AfCFTA includes 54 of the 55 African Union nations, and is the largest free trade area in the world in terms of the number of participating countries since the formation of the WTO. The general objectives of the agreement include but are not limited to creating a single market to increase intra-African trade, establishing a liberalized market, and aiding the movement of capital and people.
		Open GF
			THO the dominant narrative that acquiring forgiveness is essential in order for a flawed person to achieve redemption
		Novice SF: world
			THP a world with one global superpower, rather than multiple international superpowers
		Novice GF
			THBT history education in post-conflict societies should focus on reconcilation, even at the cost of truth
	Taylor's Debate Open 2020
		R1
			THBT feminists in India should attempt to infiltrate and reform the arranged marriage industry as opposed to fight for its abolishment
		R2
			THR the glorification of the immediate postcolonial leaders in Africa
		R3
			THBT charities and non-profit organizations should be given votes in elections proportional to the amount of donations they receive.
		R4
			TH, as Likud, W support and adopt the Jewish People’s Intelligence Services Doctrine.
				The Jewish People’s Intelligence Services Doctrine states that:
				The Jewish People’s Intelligence Services should have a significant responsibility not only to Israeli citizens’ security, but also to the security of Jewish communities abroad. If this doctrine were adopted, Israel would use significant resources and launch potentially violent covert operations in order to keep Jewish people safe internationally.
		Pre QF
			TH, as the Catholic church, would prioritize impact investing over direct charity to communities
				Impact investing refers to investments made into companies, organizations, and funds with the intention to generate a measurable, beneficial social or political impact alongside a financial gain.
		QF
			THBT the South Indian film industries should integrate with Bollywood
				Bollywood is one the largest centres of film production in the world, surpassing Hollywood’s ticket sales by an estimated $1bn yearly. Bollywood movies are predominantly in the Hindi language. It is the only film industry in India that experiences significant global reach and popularity.
				The South Indian film industry comprises of film industries of languages from the South of India, including but not limited to the Telugu (Tollywood), Tamil (Kollywood) and Malayalam (Mollywood) film industries. They are significantly smaller in terms of net box office revenues compared to Bollywood, however, combined they represent around 50% of the local Indian film revenues and are well liked in some parts of India, most notably the South.
		SF
			TH, as a prominent pro-independence activist in Hong Kong, would align as pro-China in an effort to run for upcoming elections.
				Multiple Hong Kong pro-democracy candidates have been barred from standing in upcoming legislative elections including prominent Hong Kong activists and several candidates from more traditional pro-democracy parties.
				The Hong Kong government has postponed September's parliamentary elections by a year, saying it is necessary amid a rise in coronavirus infections.
		GF
			In Western Liberal democracies, THR the queer movement's primary form of collectivization transitioning from riots/protests into pride celebrations/parades.
		Novice SF
			TH, as the Catholic church, would prioritize impact investing over direct charity to communities
				Impact investing refers to investments made into companies, organizations, and funds with the intention to generate a measurable, beneficial social or political impact alongside a financial gain.
		Novice GF
			THBT the South Indian film industries should integrate with Bollywood
				Bollywood is one the largest centres of film production in the world, surpassing Hollywood’s ticket sales by an estimated $1bn yearly. Bollywood movies are predominantly in the Hindi language. It is the only film industry in India that experiences significant global reach and popularity.
				The South Indian film industry comprises of film industries of languages from the South of India, including but not limited to the Telugu (Tollywood), Tamil (Kollywood) and Malayalam (Mollywood) film industries. They are significantly smaller in terms of net box office revenues compared to Bollywood, however, combined they represent around 50% of the local Indian film revenues and are well liked in some parts of India, most notably the South.
	Taylor's Debate Open 2019
		R2
			THR the romanticisation of committing to professional sports at a young age as a way out of poverty.
		QF
			THP a world where individuals adopted a post-romantic template when cultivating relationships.
		Open GF
			TH as a millennial. W choose to lead a life of staunch spirituality and religiousity.
		Novice GF
			THW stop all funding to and plans for climate conservation and instead increase preparedness for an apoclypse.
	Taylor's Debate Open 2018
		R1
			THS a world where people choose to consume ad appreciate art for its artistic merit even if it is produced by artists with history of abuse/scandal.
		R2
			THBT modern feminist movements in Indonesia should aggressively campaign for the abandonment of the traditional celebration of Kartini Day and push for its rebranding.
		R4
			THBT Asian actors of all ethnicities should unequivocally support Crazy Rich Asians.
		R5
			THBT Palestinians should abandon the fight for full "right of return" and settle for relative peace.
	Taylor's Debate Open 2017
		R1
			THW ban the Church from accepting donations from the poor
		R2
			THBT feminists should support displays of hyperfeminity
		R3
			THBT once sufficient welfare services have been provided to every citizen, the state should not care about relative inequality.
		R5
			THW revoke the Nobel Peace Prize of Aung San Suu Kyi
		QF
			THR Sundar Pichai’s decision to fire James Damore
		SF
			THBT it is in China’s best interest to cut its political and economical ties with North Korea
		GF
			THBT we should refrain from characterising villains of history as monsters
