United Asia Debating Championship (UADC)
	Malaysia UADC 2023
		R1
			THP that schools in developing countries focus substantially on teaching pre-colonial history rather than the anti-colonial resistance in history classes
				Balance $stats 8, 14, 58
				Veto $stats 24, 8, 116
			THS the media romanticization of Asian students' enrollment in Western universities
				Balance $stats 5, 13, 58
				Veto $stats 22, 20, 116
			THBT liberal art courses in public universities should aggressively restructure their syllabus to prioritize the employability of their graduates, even at the expense of providing holistic and in-depth learning to fulfil the students' academic interests
				Balance $stats 13, 5, 58
				Veto $stats 12, 30, 116
		R2
			THBT student unionism should prioritize engaging in the internal affairs of universities rather than mainstream political issues
				Balance $stats 14, 3, 56
				Veto $stats 14, 25, 112
			In countries with emerging economies, TH, as the labour movement, W oppose efforts towards transitioning from an industrial structure centred on the manufacturing sector to one centred on the service sector
				Balance $stats 6, 9, 56
				Veto $stats 22, 28, 112
			THBT feminist movements in the developing world should significantly prioritize being celebratory in their advocacy as opposed to being solemn
				Balance $stats 15, 9, 56
				Veto $stats 20, 3, 112
				"Celebratory advocacy" embraces a positive and joyful approach to advocacy, utilizing music, dance, and art to inspire engagement and unity. It emphasizes celebrating achievements, fostering community, and highlighting the movement's successes.
				On the other hand, "solemn advocacy" takes on a serious and reflective tone, drawing attention to challenges or injustices. It aims to evoke empathy, inspire deep reflection, and mobilize for change through emotional pleas and powerful expressions of dissatisfaction.
		R3
			THW introduce a luxury tax model on club level football salaries
				Balance $stats 9, 4, 56
				Veto $stats 23, 29, 112
				The "luxury tax model" refers to imposing a "tax" if a club crosses the
				median total squad salary of clubs of that league. As per this tax, the club
				will have to pay the league association an equal amount for every dollar/pound/euro spent over the median value.
				e.g. If the median total salary of a club in a league is 100 Million, and club X
				wants to have a total salary spending of 125 Million, then X will have to pay
				the league association luxury tax of 25 Million making their total cost 150 Million (125 M + 25 M).
			THW choose to quit competitive chess and become a full-time chess streamer
				Balance $stats 20, 9, 56
				Veto $stats 10, 12, 112
				I) Competitive chess follows a ranking system which divides players into tiers based on their rating. The 3 highest tiers of chess are Grandmaster (attained by roughly 1% of all chess players), followed by International Master (roughly 5%) and then FIDE Master (roughly 15% of all chess players).
				II) You are a male professional chess player in your mid-thirties who has achieved FIDE Master status. Despite multiple attempts to advance further you have been unsuccessful in attaining an International Master (IM) status.
				III) You also run a relatively well-known chess channel on social media platforms
				(Youtube, Twitch etc.) which has become increasingly hard to manage given your preparation for competitive chess.
			THBT football clubs should actively disassociate from their 'Ultras'
				Balance $stats 8, 6, 56
				Veto $stats 23, 15, 112
				I) In club football, 'Ultras' refer to a long-standing group of institutional fans renowned for their fanatical support. They are membership-based organizations that aim to create an atmosphere which intimidates opposing teams/fans through the use of verbal support, flares, banners etc. In some cases, Ultras have been associated with violent altercations with rival fans during games.
				II) While Ultras are not directly associated with the football club, they organize meetings with the staff/coaches and have reserved seats in stadiums.
				III) Many Ultras also engage in political activism across the spectrum. Examples include Indonesian club Persebaya's Ultras (the Bonek) campaigning against FIFA corruption, Turkish club Beşiktaş’ "Çarşı"protesting against president Erdogan's repression and Inter Milan's Curva Nord supporting right-wing Italian politics.
		R4
			THS widespread adoption of debt-for-nature swaps in financially distressed developing countries
				Balance $stats 11, 16, 56
				Veto $stats 4, 21, 112
				Debt-for-nature swaps refer to a transaction in which an amount of debt owed by a developing country government is cancelled or reduced by a creditor in exchange for the debtor making financial commitments to conservation.
			THO Olive finance
				Balance $stats 5, 13, 56
				Veto $stats 24, 5, 112
				Olive finance refers to instances of private financial institutions funding renewable projects by companies that are heavily polluting in other parts of their operations i.e. companies that are gradually shifting from brown to green.
			TH, as a prominent sustainability-focused hedge fund, W pursue an aggressive short-selling strategy against carbon-intensive stocks (for example, fossil fuels/energy companies etc.)
				Balance $stats 2, 9, 56
				Veto $stats 28, 30, 112
				I) A sustainablity-focused hedge fund pools investor money and uses multiple strategies to maximize the environmental impact of their investments while trying to provide high returns to investors.
				II) Short selling is the act of borrowing shares from others and selling them in the market with the hope that they can be bought cheaper later. It is a strategy that speculates on the decline of the stock's price in order to make a profit.
		R5
			THO the romanticization of youth
				Balance $stats 8, 12, 56
				Veto $stats 9, 14, 110
			THR the narrative that individuals should be wholly resilient against other people's judgements in interpersonal relationships
				Balance $stats 4, 7, 56
				Veto $stats 33, 28, 110
			TH, as a working class individual, W choose to live with a passively nihilistic disposition
				Balance $stats 14, 11, 56
				Veto $stats 13, 13, 110
				For the purpose of this debate, "passive nihilism" refers to an attitude where an individual does not have or believes in hopes and aspirations and rather leaves themselves content with simple pleasures.
		R6
			THBT all large data AI repositories should be forced to pay companies for training data skimmed from the internet, even in instances where they are typically free for users (e.g. youtube, Reddit, Facebook, CNN, BBC, etc.)
				Balance $stats 8, 6, 56
				Veto $stats 26, 16, 112
			TH, as Roscosmos, W withdraw participation from the International Space Station
				Balance $stats 8, 11, 56
				Veto $stats 22, 12, 112
				The International Space Station (ISS) is a multinational cooperative project involving the United States, Russia, Canada, Europe, and Japan. The construction of the ISS began in 1998, and it has been continuously inhabited since November 2000.
				Roscosmos, Russia's space agency, has played a key role in starting the station. Examples of their contributions are: the Zarya module, the first module launched by the ISS that provided electrical power, storage, and guidance to the ISS during the initial stages of construction; the Zvezda service module, which serves as a key control center, living quarters, and life support system on board; and Russian research and laboratory modules.
				In July 2022, Roscomos' head, Yury Borisov, announced intent to withdraw from the ISS after 2024 to build their own Russian station. No formalized request has been sent to NASA.
			THBT that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) should aggressively aim for global expansion
				Balance $stats 16, 7, 56
				Veto $stats 8, 28, 112
				The Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) is a Taiwanese private company that produces 80-90% of the world's most advanced semiconductor chips and currently supplies to major companies like Apple, Nvidia etc. While the central govt of Taiwan is its largest shareholder, the company is majority owned by multiple foreign investors. Since the late 2020s, TSMC has gradually opened chip factories in the US and Japan - although majority of the chip manufacturing continues to reside within Taiwan.
		R7
			THBT it is in the best interest of the Bangladesh government to dissolve the RAB
				Balance $stats 10, 12, 56
				Veto $stats 11, 17, 112
				The Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) is an elite paramilitary force of Bangladesh formed in 2004, comprising members from various law enforcement agencies and is tasked with combatting crime, terrorism, and counter-narcotics. 
				While it has been credited with reducing crime rates, over the years RAB has received regular criticism from the international community on its lack accountability and alleged human rights violations, examples being the US sanctioning certain members and accusations from Human Rights Watch.
				RAB has a mixed reception from the Bangladesh citizens with some crediting them for reducing crime and terrorism through their swift actions, and others showing concern about RAB enjoying impunity and becoming a political tool.
			THBT India should substantially ease restrictions on Chinese trade and investment
				Balance $stats 11, 13, 56
				Veto $stats 18, 7, 112
				In late 2020, as a response to ongoing border skirmishes, India enacted a series of restrictions limiting Chinese FDI and imposed high import tariffs on Chinese goods and services.
			TH, as the Pakistan Democratic Movement (PDM), regrets the Vote of No Confidence
				Balance $stats 8, 2, 56
				Veto $stats 27, 32, 112
				In April 2022, a coalition of opposition parties in Pakistan called the Pakistan Democratic Movement (PDM) filed a motion of no confidence against Prime Minister Imran Khan, accusing him of poor governance and political victimization. As a result, Khan was removed from office as the country's prime minister and PDM came into power. Following the vote of no confidence, Khan's political party, the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), and his supporters initiated protests against state institutions, claiming that his removal was influenced by Western interference and the military establishment. Khan's PTI party won a significant victory in a by-election in Punjab province in July 2022, but despite this Khan was disqualified from running for public office by the election commission for five years -- resulting in protests to force early elections. Khan was shot in the leg during a protest in Lahore, and eventually was arrested by paramilitary security officials in a case filled by the anti-corruption body. This escalated PTI supporters to descend into violent riots, causing extensive damage to the government and military. Eventually Imran Khan was released on bail after a few days of the protests.
		R8
			THBT artists from minority groups, in order to depict the experiences of their community, should primarily rely on speculative art as opposed to representational art
				Balance $stats 19, 7, 53
				Veto $stats 15, 8, 102
				Speculative art refers to a genre or category of artistic expression that explores and imagines alternative or future realities, often incorporating elements of science fiction, fantasy, or surrealism (e.g Get Out, Black Panther, The Handmaid's Tale).
				Representational art strives to faithfully portray and capture the likeness and details of the observed world and real world experiences (Hidden Figures, Moonlight, The Namesake).
			THR the rise of streaming shows at the expense of network shows
				Balance $stats 4, 13, 53
				Veto $stats 28, 11, 102
				Network shows are broadcasted on traditional television networks, follow a scheduled release model, rely on advertising revenue and are subject to broadcasting regulations (Friends, Grey's Anatomy, The Walking Dead etc).
				Streaming shows are distributed through online platforms, offer on-demand viewing with flexible release models, and generally have significantly fewer episodes per season (Stranger Things, Fleabag, The Crown etc).
			TH, as an individual member of the group, W significantly prioritize pursuing solo careers over continuing group activities
				Balance $stats 4, 6, 53
				Veto $stats 8, 32, 102
				You are part of a popular K-Pop idol group that has acquired significant popularity over the last couple of years. Your contract with your entertainment agency is coming to an end, and you will be contemplating whether to renew this contract. A few members of your group will also be expected to fulfil their mandatory 2-year military service soon.
		DO
			TH, as the LGBTQ+ community in the developing world, W prioritize grassroots community building over seeking broad national and legislative changes
				Balance $stats 4, 7, 16
				Veto $stats 0, 5, 32
			THBT the queer movements should stray away from emphasizing intra-community struggles towards fostering relatability outside the community (e.g. the message of "No One is Fully Straight)
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 16
				Veto $stats 12, 3, 32
			THBT the business gay performance in pop culture does more harm than good to the queer rights
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 16
				Veto $stats 4, 8, 32
				"Business gay performance" refers to a form of queerbaiting done by male pop stars during their on stage performance, where they exhibit acts and conducts that make them resemble romantic relationship, such as close physical contact, mostly to please their female fanbase.
		OF
			TH, as NATO, supports Ukraine engaging in aggressive offensive special military operations in Russia (e.g. striking Russian air bases, intercepting infrastructure and logistics chains in sovereign Russian territory, and attempting to target high ranking members of the Russian state)
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 16
			TH, as the Biden Administration, regrets the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 16
				The Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) program is an initiative taken by the Biden administration to ease the burden of repaying federal loans for eligible students by shouldering up to $20,000 in debt. As of the beginning of May 2023, the United States Department of Education has approved a total of $42 billion in PSLF for more than 615,000 borrowers since October 2021.
			In liberal democracies with an incumbent right-wing populist government, THP that the left-wing coalition elect politician with a radical left-leaning ideology (e.g. Bernie Sanders, Elly Schlein, etc.) rather than centre-left politicians as the leader
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 4, 2, 16
		QF
			THBT Southeast Asian economies with a heavy reliance on low-value manufacturing (Vietnam, Indonesia etc.) should prioritize moving up the manufacturing value chain (for example, producing complex product parts as opposed to performing manual product assembly)
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
			THBT that the Bank of Japan (BOJ) should pursue a strategy of monetary policy tightening
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 4, 3, 8
				The Bank of Japan (BoJ) has traditionally pursued a range of 'loose monetary policy measures' such as maintaining negative interest rates, aggressive bond buying to control government bond yields etc. in order to control deflation in the Japanese economy. As of Jan 2023, Japan's inflation rate hit a 42-year high of 4.2%.
			THBT Bhutan's efforts towards launching green cryptocurrency mining will do more harm than good
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				In 2023, the govt of Bhutan launched one of its largest economic ventures - a $500 million fund along with Nasdaq-listed company Bitdeer Technologies for starting green cryptocurrency mining operations in the country (i.e. cryptocurrency mining powered by hydroelectricity).
		SF
			THS the Philippines' proposal for creation of the Maharlika Investment Fund (MIF)
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				The Maharlika Investment Fund (MIF) is a sovereign wealth fund currently being pushed in the Philippines. Initial capital will be sourced from the Bangko Central ng Pilipinas, as well as other government financial institutions (GFIs) (e.g. Government Service Insurance System, Social Security System, Philippine Health Insurance Corp., etc.). The MIF is aimed to be used primarily for investment in outlets such as commercial real estate, and infrastructure projects, among others.
			THBT Indonesia should implement a closed voting system for the 2024 elections
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 2, 1, 4
				An open voting system is a method of voting where voters can directly elect the legislative candidates promoted by political parties. A closed voting system is a method where voters cast their votes for political parties instead of individual candidates. The final list of candidates is decided by political parties based on the seats they win.
				In 2008, Indonesia passed a legislation to move away from a closed voting
				system (which it had been following since 1955) to an open voting system. Since last year, there have been calls from the country's largest political faction, the PDIP to move back to a closed voting system for the 2024 elections.
			TH, as the Move Forward Party, would abandon attempts to reform Article 112
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
				The Move Forward Party, led by Pita Limjaroenrat, is a social democratic and progressive political party that won the general elections held last May 14 in Thailand. Their campaign centers on promoting democracy in the country, dismantling monopolies, and promoting same-sex marriage, among others.
				One of their main, and most controversial, push is the reformation of article 112, otherwise known as the ‘lese majesty’ law which makes it illegal to insult the monarch of Thailand. Despite winning the most votes this election, and forming a coalition with Pheu Thai, an opposition party affiliated with the former Prime Minister that garneredthe second most seats in the election, and other parties, Move Forward is still short of the 376 votes needed from the 750-member bicameral legislature to vote in Pita as prime minister to form a government.
		GF
			Assuming that God exists, THP a world where human beings were created without epistemic distance from God
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Humans being created "epistemically distant" refers to the idea that humans were born in a world that was religiously ambigous with no conclusive evidence for or against God's existence. Because people were created with no knolwedge of God's existence they are given the choice on whether or not to find and believe in God.
			Under the veil of ignorance, TH, as an individual, W choose to be born in a religious community with strong communal values as opposed to secular society
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			TH, as major religions, W preach that current global tragedies (e.g. climate change, war, etc.) are signs that we are currently in vicinity of the End Times
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				The End Times are defined as the days leading up to the Day of Judgement where god decides the fate of all human beings based on their deeds committed on earth. It is the time prophesized as the end of the world, wherein god inflicts his wrath on earth (e.g. the sun stops emitting heat, the sky turns black, catalyzing mass destruction that ultimately ends humanity).
		EFL QF
			THS the increased adoption of algorithm for the analysis of users' matching patterns (e.g. educational background, vocation, etc.) and suggestions of future matches in dating apps
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Veto $stats 0, 2, 8
			THP a world where 'artificial encounter' is the dominant norm over 'natural encounter' as a method of starting a romantic relationship
				Balance $stats 0, 3, 4
				Veto $stats 1, 0, 8
				For the purpose of the debate, 'artificial encounter' refers to getting to know someone else through specially arranged occasions with an explicit and primary purpose of evolving the relationship into a romantic one. Examples of artificial encounters include blind dates and using dating applications.
				'Natural encounter' refers to starting a relationship even if there was no initial intention to do so when getting to know someone through a non-romantic setting without a particular intention for a relationship, but eventually falling in love with each other. Examples of natural encounters include starting a relationship with a friend you have known for a while or falling in love with your debate partner.
			THR the rise of 'situationship' among GenZ
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				Veto $stats 3, 2, 8
				A situationship is an undefined relationship arrangement where two individuals engage in a combination of emotional and physical intimacy without clear commitment or expectations. It exists in a gray area between a casual hookup and a traditional romantic partnership, often lacking defined labels, exclusivity, or long-term goals.
		EFL SF
			TH, as the Jordanian government, W actively attempt to incorporate refugees into its regular workforce
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 2
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
				After the early 2010s, when multiple Arab nations experienced political conflict, Jordan saw a massive influx of refugees from nearby countries, such as Syria, Iraq, and Palestine. Some refugees are hosted in UNHCR refugee camps, but many reside in urban and rural areas. These refugees mainly depend on financial support from the international community or informal economy (e.g. daily construction works, small-scale home-based business, etc.) unless the Ministry of Labor issues them a work permit, which refugees hardly obtain.
			THBT Taliban should decommission the Kamal Khan Dam
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Kamal Khan Dam is a hydroelectric and irrigation dam which opened in March 2021 on the Helmand River in southwestern Afghanistan, built to enhance the infrastructure and agriculture of the country. The Dam ignited tension between Afghanistan and Iran since the river feeds into the Hamun Lake, which provides the primary water resource of the Eastern provinces of Iran. Iran sees the Kamal Khan Dam's construction and operation as a violation of its water security.
				Shortly after the opening of the Dam, the Taliban rose to power in Afghanistan. There was a recent exchange of gunfire in the border region, which further escalated the tension between the Taliban and Iran.
			THBT the decision to normalize the relationship with Bashar al-Assad is in the interest of the Arab League
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				Ever since the start of the civil war in 2011, the authoritarian president of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, was isolated from Arab League. Recently, however, Assad attended the 32nd summit of the Arab League held in Saudi Arabia, where leaders of Middle East nations envisioned addressing the crises occurring in the region.
		EFL GF
			THP a world where the dominant state ideology promotes Confucianism
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Confuscianism refers to philosophical schools of thought that is mostly found in East Asian societies. It prioritizes humanistic values rather than metaphysical and spiritual values. It strongly emphasizes filial piety, respect for authority, and communitarian norms. While Confucianism presumes that individuals should refrain from deviating from social harmony, it also posits that the authorities should be assigned special societal responsibilities.
			THR the demonization of Communism in the domestic political discourse of East Asian countries (e.g. Red Scare in Japan, Red Complex in South Korea, etc.)
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			Assuming that this prediction is true, THS the Western philanthropic foundations' recent diversion of funding from supporting grass-roots civil societies to pro-democracy movements in China
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Recently, several Western philanthropic foundations (e.g. National Endowment for Democracy, Open Society Foundation, etc.) experienced a series of restructuring of decision-making executives. After the restructuring, it was noticed that these foundations have been decreasing their funding for grass-roots civil organizations in East Asia (e.g. disability welfare institutions in South Korea).
				Based on the political background of new executives, there is a prediction that these foundations are aggressively diverting their funding in East Asia exclusively for the pro-democracy and human rights movements in China. Although the diversion has not been explicitly confirmed, these foundations have been actively reaching out to activists and organizations that are radically critical of the Chinese government.
	Malaysia UADC 2022
		R1
			THBT developing countries should implement the Digital Nomad Tax-Free Plan
				Balance $stats 4, 10, 54
				Veto $stats 33, 18, 108
				For the purpose of this debate, Digital Nomad Tax-Free Plan is defined as a taxation system where foreign freelancers are allowed to live and work in particular areas without having to pay any taxes to the country/region they are currently based, provided that their employer is based out of the border of the implementing country/region.
			As an aspiring entrepreneur, THW abandon the pursuit of building an enterprise in favor of working in corporate
				Balance $stats 13, 10, 54
				Veto $stats 18, 7, 108
			THS the rise of quiet quitting
				Balance $stats 14, 3, 54
				Veto $stats 3, 29, 108
				Quiet quitting is where employees work within defined work hours and engage solely in activities related to their job within those hours. Despite the name, quiet quitting is not necessarily related to quitting a job outright, but rather not going beyond what is required.
		R2
			TH, as a politician from a minority community in the USA, would prioritize reforming economic policies over social policies
				Balance $stats 15, 20, 53
				Veto $stats 5, 8, 106
			As an up and coming young Republican politician, THO the repealing of Roe vs Wade
				Balance $stats 3, 7, 53
				Veto $stats 25, 23, 106
			THBT the Biden administration has done more harm than good for the Democratic Party
				Balance $stats 2, 6, 53
				Veto $stats 23, 22, 106
		R3
			THBT educational models should prioritize intrinsic over extrinsic motivation
				Balance $stats 16, 19, 54
				Veto $stats 1, 16, 107
				Educational models prioritizing extrinsic motivation are models which reward or punish students with the intent of having them behave accordingly, e.g. grades and school punishments. Educational models which prioritize intrinsic motivation are models which focus on increasing inherent satisfaction in learning an activity separate from any consequence, e.g. enjoying the subject.
			THBT newly-established democracies should have laws restricting academic freedom
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 54
				Veto $stats 40, 3, 107
			THS Kathmandu Metropolitan City's decision to mandate Nepal Bhasa classes in school
				Balance $stats 8, 6, 54
				Veto $stats 13, 34, 107
				The Kathmandu Metropolitan City has made Nepal Bhasa (Newari language) compulsory in the school curriculum from Grade I to VIII. With this new rule, all private and public schools inside the Kathmandu metropolis will now have to teach Nepal Bhasa (Newari language). The policy has been seen as an extension of the constitutional provision that all local governments should incorporate one subject that reflects the identity of the local government in one or the other way. Kathmandu is the capital of Nepal and Newari people have historically inhabited the valley. Currently, Kathmandu has the highest population density of any city in Nepal, and there are and have been, high rates of rural to urban migration into the city.
		R4
			TH, as the Indian trans community, would choose to actively disassociate from the mainstream LGBTQ+ movement in India
				Balance $stats 6, 8, 53
				Veto $stats 30, 18, 106
			As Black and Latinx queer community, THR the resurgence of house music in modern pop culture
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 53
				Veto $stats 16, 18, 106
				House music refers to a genre that is birthed in the Black & Latinx queer communities underground scene (i.e. bars, clubs, ballroom culture, etc.) that has gained massive resurgence predominantly due to Drake's and Beyonce's most recent album releases.
			As an Asian LGBTQ+ individual, THR the portrayals of the BL genre in Asian media
				Balance $stats 11, 15, 53
				Veto $stats 7, 17, 106
				BL or Boys' Love is a genre of fictional media that features homoerotic relationships between male characters. Though it is typically created by women for women and is distinct from homoerotic media marketed to gay men, it does also attract a male audience and can be produced by male creators.
		R5
			THS the rise of all-female e-sports teams
				Balance $stats 11, 5, 53
				Veto $stats 6, 31, 104
			THR the prioritization of customary practice in sports
				Balance $stats 6, 10, 53
				Veto $stats 28, 7, 104
				B: Customary practice in sport are rules that are not imposed by the laws of the game, but are commonly adhered to in the the spirit of sportsmanship. There is significant backlash when there is a breach of customary practice. For example: looking down upon mankading in cricket, keep winning margins small in football when national sentiments are likely to get hurt, and avoiding boisterous celebrations when winning matches.
			TH, as Daniel Ricciardo, would choose to renew his contract with Red Bull
				Balance $stats 14, 7, 53
				Veto $stats 18, 14, 104
				C: All F1 teams have 2 drivers that compete together for the team championship, while competing against each other and drivers from other teams to win the driver’s championship.
				Red Bull, one of the leading teams in F1, discovered Daniel Ricciardo and trained him in their junior talent programme. He raced for Red Bull and its subsidiary team for seven years. During this time, Max Verstappen, an 18 year old, joined Red Bull and quickly became F1’s rising star. Over time, Red Bull made it evident that they favored Max over Daniel as their number one driver. This caused tension between the young, rising star Verstappen and the experienced Ricciardo despite the latter’s longer tenure with the team.
		R6
			THBT corporations' focus on ESG has done more harm than good to the environment
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 52
				Veto $stats 33, 5, 104
				ESG stands for environmental, social, and governance, which are factors used to evaluate companies on how far advanced they are with sustainability.
			THBT environmental movements should denounce green energy that harms the environment as opposed to supporting all green energy
				Balance $stats 4, 6, 52
				Veto $stats 10, 30, 104
			THBT Green Parties in Europe should shift to actively supporting the use of nuclear energy
				Balance $stats 10, 19, 52
				Veto $stats 9, 17, 104
		R7
			THS a transition to a federalist government in the Phillippines
				Balance $stats 10, 2, 52
				Veto $stats 16, 24, 102
				Currently, the Philippines is a unitary state with a central government made up of the executive, legislative, and judiciary. The central government based in Metro Manila has supreme authority to make decisions for the entire country under a unitary system of governance. Federalism has been proposed by multiple politicians in the Philippines in the past few decades, which would grant regional governments autonomous power to make decisions.
			THW require a significant portion of Ministers pay in Singapore to be based on their ministerial performance as determined by the citizenry
				Balance $stats 7, 16, 52
				Veto $stats 9, 16, 102
				In Singapore, the ruling party holds a supermajority in the parliament. Ministerial salaries are also paid a high salary starting from approximately 1 million dollars a year, with the broad assumption of attracting talent into the public service.
			THO the Malaysian Parliament's decision to pass the anti-party hopping law
				Balance $stats 3, 14, 52
				Veto $stats 26, 11, 102
				According to the anti-party hopping law passed in Parliament on July 28, Members of Parliament (MPs) who defect from the party they represented as election candidates, or those who became independents, would have to vacate their seats. However, MPs sacked by their party would not lose their seats and MPs who voted against their party’s wishes in Parliament would not be affected.
		R8
			THS Relationship Minimalism
				Balance $stats 8, 5, 52
				Veto $stats 23, 17, 101
				Relationship Minimalism refers to the practice of regularly purging friendships and/or relationships. This act seeks to declutter an individuals social life based on what the perceived value of the relationship with/without explanation.
			TH, as a person seeking a long term relationship, would refuse to use dating apps
				Balance $stats 11, 11, 52
				Veto $stats 18, 10, 101
			THS the rising trend of intellectualizing emotions
				Balance $stats 5, 12, 52
				Veto $stats 9, 24, 101
				Intellectualization is the use of rational reasoning when faced with emotional situations, as opposed to 'feeling' your emotions.
		DO
			THS a norm where parents are financially transparent to their children
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 16
				Veto $stats 3, 7, 32
			TH, as parents in Hong Kong, would encourage their children to develop support for the Chinese government (e.g. enrolling in Mandarin classes, attend universities in the mainland, take part in Chinese cultural celebrations)
				Balance $stats 2, 0, 16
				Veto $stats 12, 7, 32
			THBT minority parents should primarily practice free range parenting as opposed to helicopter parenting
				Balance $stats 5, 5, 16
				Veto $stats 1, 2, 32
				Free-range parenting is the concept of raising children in the spirit of encouraging them to function independently and with limited parental supervision, in accordance of their age of development and with a reasonable acceptance of realistic personal risks
				Helicopter parenting refers to a style of parenting where parents are overly focused on their children and typically take much responsibility for their children's experiences and their successes or failures.
		OF
			THR feminine anger being seen as justified only in the cases where it is socially productive (e.g. anger during protests), as opposed to being inherently justified independent of outcome
				Balance $stats 0, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 1, 4, 16
			THBT feminist movements should support femcels
				Balance $stats 3, 0, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 4, 16
				Femcel stands for female involuntary celibate which refers to women who feel excluded from romantic relationships, often because of beauty standards and misogyny which therefore disadvantage them romantically, socially, and economically.
			THBT Western feminists' engagement with protests in Iran has done more harm than good
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 8
				Veto $stats 5, 0, 16
				An ongoing series of protests and civil unrest against the government of Iran began in Tehran on 16 September 2022 as a reaction to the death of 22-year-old Mahsa Amini, who was arrested by the Guidance Patrol for wearing an "improper" hijab.
		QF, EFL QF
			THBT Japan should actively oppose future iterations of the Ulchi-Freedom Shield initiative
				QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				QF Veto $stats 4, 0, 8
				EFL QF Balance $stats 2, 2, 4
				EFL QF Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
				The Ulchi-Freedom Shield is an annual joint military program between South Korea and USA. The exercise is the world's largest computerized command and control implementation. The 2022 joint drill is particularly much larger in terms of operations and logistics compared to prior years.
			As Hamas, THW actively oppose the PIJ
				QF Balance $stats 0, 1, 4
				QF Veto $stats 0, 3, 8
				EFL QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				The Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) is an organization labeled as terrorists by Western countries that is much smaller than Hamas, but much more organized. Founded in the late ’70s and early ’80s, the PIJ renounces negotiations with Israel, opting instead for armed struggle. Its goal is to create an Islamic Palestinian state that encompasses not only the occupied territories, but all of what is now Israel. However, unlike Hamas, it’s not part of the political leadership in Gaza or the West Bank and makes no effort toward political activity within the occupied territories.
			THBT it is in the interest of Saudi Arabia to align with China as opposed to the US
				QF Balance $stats 0, 3, 4
				QF Veto $stats 0, 1, 8
				EFL QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
		SF, EFL SF
			THS a widespread adoption of intellectual property rights as loan collateral
				SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				EFL SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				Collateral is an asset that a lender accepts as security for extending a loan. If the borrower defaults, then the lender may seize the collateral.
			In light of recent increase in energy prices, THBT GCC states should aggressively increase government spending
				SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				EFL SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				The world economy’s recovery from covid-19, and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, have pushed up oil prices, triggering a transfer of wealth from global consumers to fuel-exporting countries. The IMF estimates that energy exporters in Gulf States will this year net $320bn more in oil revenues than it had previously expected.
			THS Dubai's rise as a global financial hub
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				EFL SF Balance $stats 1, 0, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				Dubai's position as a global financial hub has recently improved and its stock market has grown by 9%. Multinational and commodity firms have shifted to Dubai, the city's tax regulations also attract businesses from Asian and African markets.
		GF
			THO the Arctic Council's decision to suspend joint activities, including scientific and technological research exchanges, with Russia
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				The Arctic Council was established on 19 September 1996 when the governments of Canada, the Kingdom of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation, Sweden, and the United States signed the Ottawa Declaration. The Arctic Council is the leading intergovernmental forum promoting cooperation, coordination and interaction among the Arctic States, Arctic Indigenous peoples and other Arctic inhabitants on common Arctic issues, in particular on research of sustainable development and environmental protection in the Arctic.
			THO "Sanas"
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Sanas is an accent translation tech device, designed primarily to be used by employees of international call centers. Its use would, for example, transform the Indian accent of a call center employee from India to an American accent, when they are engaging with a caller from the US.
			THS the concept of a Network State
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				For the purposes of this debate, a network state is a group of people who get together on the internet and decide to start a country. With a social network to connect them, a leader to unite them, and a cryptocurrency to protect their assets, the concept of a network state creates a country that can be born with laws, social services and all.
		EFL GF
			THS expanding the number of permanent members in the UN Security Council
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				There are currently 5 permanent members of the UNSC: China, France, Russia, United Kingdom, and the United States.
			THS the recent resurgence of the 'pink wave' in Latin America
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Pink wave is a recent resurgence of left-wing governments in Latin American democracies, with Mexico, Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Honduras, Chile, and Colombia electing left-wing governments in the past few years.
			THP a world where political philosophy is predominantly based on pragmatism as opposed to predominantly being based on egalitarianism
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
	Bali online UADC 2021
		R1
			This house regrets the increasing trend of universities in Asia partnering with global western universities (e.g. Yale-Nus, MIT-SUTD)
			This house believes that universities should not accept research funding and scholarships from corrupted / problematic organizations and donors
			This house believes that universities should primarily consider teaching ability and performance rather than research outputs when awarding tenure and allocating academic funding
		R2
			This house believes that feminist movements in developing nations should deprioritise the strategy of advocating for carceral feminism
			This House regrets the glorification of women's resilience
			Assuming the technology exists, this house would allow minority women of colour, with no affinity to their gender and race, to alter their identity to that of the majority gender and race
		R3
			This House Would ban collateralised loan obligations
			This House would ban private sector management of pension funds
			This house regrets western institutions' push for market liberalisation
		R4
			This House regrets the rise of digital currencies
			Assuming technology exists, this house would operationalize the entire Criminal Justice System (e.g. Judges, Juries etc.) using Artificial Intelligence
			This house would require social media users to verify their identities before creating an account (e.g. provide proof of identity and documentation)
		R5
			This House opposes the norm that individuals should "see the best in others"
			This House would actively discourage home-ownership
			This House regrets the culture of fearing death
		R6
			This House regrets progressives abandoning political moralism
			This House blieves that environmentalists should put a monetary value on environmental functions
			This house, as pride event organizers, would actively work with corporations that adopt rainbow capitalism
		R7
			This House believes that the CPTPP should accept China's application
			This House believes that it is in the interests of India to offically recognise the Taliban regime of Afghanistan
			This House regrets the signing of the AUKUS pact
		R8
			This House, as the parents, would not have children
			In a state with failing adoption homes/numbers This House would put a moratorium on IVF clinics
			As a parent from a minority community, this house would teach their children to pursue a mediocre but satisfactorily happy life over a life which involves a constant pursuit of excellence and the extraordinary
		EFL_Quarter
			This house regrets the rise of shows/films which involve mental suffering and self-harm (e.g. Bojack Horseman, Black Swan, 13 Reasons Why)
			This house, as WWE, would induct Chris Benoit in the WWE Hall of Fame
			This house believes that contemporary black film makers should actively create films which embrace blaxploitation
		EFL_Semi
			This house prefers a world where Islam has its own central authority (e.g. The Pope or the Magisterium in Catholicism)
			This house believes that religious organisations should excommunicate members who commit serious crimes against society
			This house, as the Catholic Church, would abolish the papal conclave and select its succeeding Popes through an election among all its members (i.e. its religious followers)
		EFL_Final
			This house believes that it is a legitimate tactic for activists to launch campaigns of personal attacks/insults at the family members of corrupt politicians
			This house supports the strategy of activists publicly shaming those who do not actively denounce problematic individuals
			This house prefers a narrative of collective blame for ethnic divides within a community, rather than the blame being placed exclusively on institutions or externalities
		Open_PDO
			This house would prohibit provincial and local governments from offering tax credits and other incentives to attract large companies to open business in their regions
			This house prefers individuals seeking maximum material gain as opposed to meaning / fulfilment from their work
			This House regrets China's focus on "Common Prosperity"
		Open_Octa
			TH would choose to be born in Fantasia Over Earth
			This house welcomes research that seeks to transfer human consciousness into simulations, computers, and artificial intelligence
			TH, as the parent, would not give their consent
		Open_Quarter
			This house supports Gulf States intervening in Ethiopia
			This house believes that the Naftali Bennet administration is in the best interest of the Middle East
			As a prominent Pro-Palestine journalist in the west covering the conflicts in Israel-Palestine, this house would choose not to focus on Hamas' role in the escalation of the conflict
		Open_Semi
			This house supports the narrative that current generations have a duty to protect the rights of future generations who do not exist yet
			This house opposes fallen soldiers believing their deaths would be meaningful
			This house prefers a world where individuals live in recognition of their moral flaws as opposed to a convenient morality
		Open_Final
			This house prefers a world where religions actively preach the concept of the Divine Gift
			This house believes that moderate Muslims should refrain from attempting to reclaim the term jihad in the aftermath of terrorist attacks
			This house believes that religious leaders should abandon the narrative that difficulties in life are "tests of God"United Asia Debating Championship
	Bangladesh UADC 2020
		R1
			In developed countries, THW increase the tax on the use of non-renewable energy sources to be equivalent to the cost of the closest renewable energy source
				Balance $stats 5, 4, 53
				Veto $stats 9, 28, 88
			THBT human beings have a moral responsibility to preserve the ecology of earth, even at the expense of their own survival
				Balance $stats 10, 9, 53
				Veto $stats 24, 11, 88
			TH, as a developing country, would choose to deprioritise economic modernisation in favour of the Gross National Happiness Index
				Balance $stats 13, 12, 53
				Veto $stats 11, 5, 88
				The Gross National Happiness Index was created by Bhutan. The GNH Index argues that sustainable development should take a holistic approach towards notions of progress and give equal importance to non-economic aspects of wellbeing. The GNH Index includes both traditional areas of socio-economic concern such as living standards, health and education and less traditional aspects of culture and psychological wellbeing. It is a holistic reflection of the general wellbeing of the Bhutanese population rather than a subjective psychological ranking of ‘happiness’ alone.
		R2
			THW make entry into university based on a lottery after passing a basic high school exam
				Balance $stats 8, 14, 53
				Veto $stats 23, 4, 104
			THW not allow colleges to recruit students using sports scholarships
				Balance $stats 10, 13, 53
				Veto $stats 14, 10, 104
			THW impose a cap on university endowments, in favour of directing the money towards grants given to individual professors/researchers
				Balance $stats 4, 4, 53
				Veto $stats 15, 38, 104
		R3
			THR India's withdrawal from the RCEP
				Balance $stats 10, 9, 53
				Veto $stats 11, 22, 104
				Launched in 2012, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) is a trade pact between the 10-member ASEAN bloc, along with China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. India had been due to sign but pulled out last year. The deal includes 2.1 billion people, with RCEP's members accounting for around 30 percent of global GDP. Its aim is to lower tariffs, open-up trade in services and promote investment to help emerging economies catch up with the rest of the world.
			TH, as India, would aggressively fund the Pakistan Democratic Movement
				Balance $stats 3, 1, 53
				Veto $stats 36, 19, 104
				The Pakistan Democratic Movement (PDM) was formed in September 2020 by the leader of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam, and is made of 11 political parties, with the main goal of opposing Imran Khan's Tehreek-e-Insaf party. It represents almost the entirety of the Pakistani political spectrum and has brought together the two mainstream but rival political parties, the Pakistan People’s Party (PPP) led by Bilawal Bhutto and the Pakistan Muslim League (PML) led by the exiled Nawaz Sharif, but currently headed by his daughter Maryam.
			TH, as the Hijra community, would embrace the mythology surrounding them
				Balance $stats 16, 14, 53
				Veto $stats 5, 11, 104
				Hijra mythology believes that hijras have the power to bless or curse. This has resulted in fear of the hijra community, as in some areas they are hired as tax collectors to ensure compliance. They often force themselves into special occasions, such as weddings or the birth of a child, to demand payment in exchange for blessings. As a result, Hijra communities often live-in close-knit communities, isolated from mainstream society.
		R4
			THBT the Democrats in the United States should focus their political efforts into swinging moderate and conservative voters in traditionally 'Red' states (e.g. Arkansas, Utah, Mississippi etc.), as opposed to galvanising their existing voter bases
				Balance $stats 6, 6, 53
				Veto $stats 12, 32, 102
			TH, as the Biden Administration, would continue the trade war with China
				Balance $stats 6, 17, 53
				Veto $stats 15, 11, 102
			TH, as the Justice Democrats, would leave the Democrat Party and make their own party
				Balance $stats 5, 13, 53
				Veto $stats 24, 8, 102
				The Justice Democrats for the purposes of this debate are a faction of the Democrats that want the party to move further left and stand fof for universal healthcare, banning on corporate donations in politics, and the Green New Deal. This includes, but is not limited to, Bernie Sanders and members of "The Squad" (Ilhan Omar, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Rashida Tlaib, and Ayanna Pressley).
		R5
			THW subsidize the use and development of psychedelics-based therapy as a treatment to those with prolonged PTSD and depressive symptoms
				Balance $stats 12, 13, 52
				Veto $stats 7, 20, 101
				Psychedelics (serotonergic hallucinogens) are powerful psychoactive substances that alter mood, induce hallucinations and cause perceptual anomalies. They are also known to stimulate/encourage introspection.
			TH, as religious organisations, would actively encourage followers to consume hallucinogens and psychedelics for religious/spiritual/mystical events
				Balance $stats 1, 3, 52
				Veto $stats 40, 8, 101
				Psychedelics (serotonergic hallucinogens) are powerful psychoactive substances that alter mood, induce hallucinations and cause perceptual anomalies. They are also known to stimulate/encourage introspection.
			In areas with significant amount of illegal trade and production of drugs, THBT the state should legalise and aggressively produce and sell drugs
				Balance $stats 15, 8, 52
				Veto $stats 4, 22, 101
		R6
			TH, as Abiy Ahmed, would abandon attempts at creating the proposed Prosperity Party and reinstate the Ethiopian Peoples' Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF)
				Balance $stats 2, 5, 52
				Veto $stats 37, 25, 100
				Ethnic federalism in Ethiopia divides governance along ethnic lines into nine regional states and two multiethnic "chartered administrations." The Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) was an ethnic federalist political coalition in Ethiopia. The Prosperity Party was established as a national party and successor to the EPRDF by Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed and it will run for the first time in the 2021 election.
			THR Juan Guaidó's decision to boycott the Venezuelan elections
				Balance $stats 10, 8, 52
				Veto $stats 9, 8, 100
				President Nicolás Maduro won control of Venezuela's National Assembly recently in an election that the opposition, Juan Guaidó, urged voters to boycott. National Assembly President Juan Guaidó and his allies declined to seek reelection, saying they didn't trust the authoritarian Maduro to hold a fair vote. In their absence, most of the candidates were Maduro allies or supporters.
			THR the rise of the Turkish Pan-Islamist Media
				Balance $stats 17, 10, 52
				Veto $stats 4, 17, 100
				Turkish Pan-Islamist Media refers to state-funded media that portrays Ottoman history in a glorious light, crafting fictional stories surrounding historical figures. These shows have been very popular among the Turkish public as well as Muslim audiences abroad
		R7
			THR the feminist cult of personality surrounding female leaders from prominent political families in developing countries
				Balance $stats 7, 8, 52
				Veto $stats 17, 15, 100
			TH, as a female executive in a male-dominated industry, would give preferential treatment to female subordinates
				Balance $stats 12, 12, 52
				Veto $stats 12, 11, 100
			THR the de-politicization of the drag culture
				Balance $stats 5, 8, 52
				Veto $stats 21, 24, 100
				De-politicization means, for the purposes of this debate, the refocusing of activities away from political advocacy, protests, and social changes onto other apolitical activities centered around a culture’s art form and entertainment aspects.
		R8
			THBT the World Bank should hold major government enterprises as collateral while issuing loans to countries who have a track record of corruption
				Balance $stats 3, 2, 52
				Veto $stats 29, 23, 100
			THBT the post-COVID economic resuscitation plans of Asian countries in weaker economic positions should heavily focus on local production of real sector goods (agriculture and manufacture) instead of on services or international trade
				Balance $stats 10, 10, 52
				Veto $stats 9, 16, 100
			In countries with large agricultural sectors, THBT the state should impose strict regulations to determine the output and best practices for local farmers
				Balance $stats 14, 13, 52
				Veto $stats 12, 11, 100
		PDO
			THW compel giant social media and instant messaging platforms (Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, etc.) to demand a much higher threshold of identification and verifiability from their users
				Balance $stats 2, 1, 12
				Veto $stats 2, 9, 24
			THR the rise of the influencer business model
				Balance $stats 1, 2, 12
				Veto $stats 6, 2, 24
				An influencer is someone who uses their social capital gained from content creation to affect the purchasing decisions of others. They have a following in a distinct niche, with whom they actively engage. The influencer business model is one in which influencers create branded content on a variety of product and/or services in exchange for monetary or other forms of compensation.
			THR social-media-based self-disclosure groups for mental health
				Balance $stats 3, 3, 12
				Veto $stats 4, 1, 24
				Self-disclosure refers a phenomenon in which individuals choose to reveal personal information about themself to others. Self-disclosure groups encourage members to share personal and community-based experiences to diagnose and give advice to each other on mental health.
		OF
			TH, as Saudi Arabia, would look for stronger ties with China at the expense of USA
				Balance $stats 2, 3, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 0, 16
			THBT closer Arab-Israeli ties are in the best interest of Palestinians
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 4, 5, 16
				Very recently, Israel and UAE began diplomatic relations, allowing both countries to engage in trade, information sharing, and tourism. As part of the deal, Israel agreed to postpone their annexation of a part of the West Bank. Following UAE's footsteps, Bahrain too has normalized relations with Israel. Before the UAE and Bahrain, Egypt and Jordan were the only Arab countries to recognize Israel.
			TH, as the Likud Party, would not field Benjamin Netanyahu in the event of an upcoming election
				Balance $stats 1, 1, 8
				Veto $stats 2, 3, 16
		EFL QF, QF
			TH, as an ordinary believer of a monotheistic religion, would choose to believe in religious pluralism over religious inclusivism
				EFL QF Balance $stats 2, 0, 4
				EFL QF Veto $stats 0, 0, 6
				QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
				Religious pluralism, for the purposes of this debate, is the belief that the divine is transcendental and unknowable to individuals, and hence all religions are merely equally valid interpretations of the unknowable.
				Religious inclusivism is the belief that only one religion is correct and true, but individuals who did not have to opportunity to be converted into the one true faith can still attain salvation, if they abide by the moral codes they have.
			THBT left-wing political movements should heavily support the re-interpretation of religious stories (of prophets, miracles, parables, and verses) to justify pragmatic economic goals such as wealth redistribution
				EFL QF Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				EFL QF Veto $stats 2, 2, 6
				QF Balance $stats 0, 0, 4
			THP a world in which the conception of sin in Abrahamic religions is entirely a result of human agency as opposed to temptation of the devil
				EFL QF Balance $stats 1, 0, 4
				EFL QF Veto $stats 1, 1, 6
				QF Balance $stats 1, 3, 4
				QF Veto $stats 0, 0, 8
		EFL SF, SF
			THP that the main opposition leader in authoritarian countries to be individuals with a strong background in politics and governance over working class commoners
				EFL SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 0, 1, 4
				SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			THR the use of the narrative of successful colonial resistance by political parties for political gain
				EFL SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 1, 0, 4
				SF Balance $stats 0, 1, 2
				SF Veto $stats 0, 0, 4
			THBT opposition parties in authoritarian democracies should actively prioritise their militant wings over their political wings
				EFL SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				EFL SF Veto $stats 1, 1, 4
				SF Balance $stats 0, 0, 2
				SF Veto $stats 2, 2, 4
				An authoritarian democracy is one in which democratic institutions exist but may be manipulated or heavily influenced by the ruling party or certain members of the society.
		GF
			In developing countries with weak civil-military control, THS the use of mandatory conscription
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Civilian control of the military is a doctrine in military and political science that places ultimate responsibility for a country's strategic decision-making in the hands of the civilian political leadership, rather than professional military officers.
				In reality, most countries do not have perfect civilian control over the military. However, in countries with strong civil-military control, civilian governments exercise sufficient oversight that they are able to control the majority of military decisions.
				Countries with weak civil-military control often see the military able to exercise significant autonomy over society, including but not limited to expanding their corporate and political interests, and carrying out military operations without oversight from the government.
			In post-colonial states, THS militaries with strong nationalist ideologies over militaries that see themselves as autonomous, professional bodies
				Balance $stats 0, 1, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
			In countries with weak central governance, THP urban-based civil society-supported military coups
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
		EFL GF
			THBT progressive movements should opt to aggressively fund think-tanks with the explicit goal of shifting the Overton Window, at the expense of grassroots mobilisation in the form of protests and riots
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
			THP guilt society over shame society
				Balance $stats 1, 0, 1
				Veto $stats 0, 0, 2
				Guilt society and shame society are terminology for different categories of culture. 
				In a guilt society, behavior is guided by the internal self-reinforcement of the feeling of guilt for certain proscribed behaviors. This type of culture also emphasizes individual conscience, faith, and values. A person in this type of culture may ask, "Do I feel that my behavior fair or unfair?" 
				In a shame society, behavior is guided by the inculcation of external shame (and the complementary threat of ostracism) by the society. Shame cultures are typically based on the concepts of pride and honor; appearances are what count. A person in this type of culture may ask, "How would people perceive me if I do X?"
			THR the pervasiveness of colonial determinism in discourse surrounding African development and politics
				Balance $stats 0, 0, 1
				Colonial determinism refers to the view that postcolonial states are irredeemably influenced by the structures of colonialism, and that these structures are primarily responsible for the economic, political and social contexts these states find themselves in.
	Vietnam UADC 2019
		R1
			THBT all decisions about children’s health should be made by medical professionals and not their parents
			THW ban all marketing for sugary products including but not limited to all advertising and design packaging
			THW remove all regulations on Potentially Reduced Risk Products (e-cigarettes, nicotine patches, vapes, tobacco heating products etc.) as a strategy to combat cigarette consumption
		R2
			THW allow parents to sue their children for abandonment.
			THBT children of minority communities should prioritize developing their communities as opposed to seeking personal success elsewhere.
			TH prefers a world where all relationships (platonic and romantic) are pursued without the intention of achieving long-term sustainability
		R3
			THBT governments should not provide preferential treatment to local firms when allocating investment incentives
			THW allocate a significant proportion of non-dividend shares in a company to associations or unions formed by the consumers of the company
			THBT companies in the gig economy (Uber, Grab, Gojek, Pathao etc.) should be required to provide contractors who work as long as full-time employees with the same benefits as full-time employees
		R4
			THS geo-engineering as the primary tool of combating climate change
				Geo-engineering is a deliberate global-scale attempt to change the environment, in this case to slow down or reverse climate change. Theoretical projects that have been proposed include: dumping iron dust into oceans to encourage algae growth that absorbs carbon dioxide from the sky; sppraying special aerosols into the sky or injectin seawater into clouds to make them more reflective of sunlight
			THW abandon the narrative that consequences of climate change are apocalyptic* in nature
				‘apcalypic’ refers to the complete destruction of the world
			THW prohibit traditional energy corporations from promoting their Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives that focus on green technology
		R5
			THR the fall of the Muslim Brotherhood government in Egypt
				The Muslim Brotherhood was a democratically elected party in Egypt, voted in power after the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak in the 2011 Arab Spring. However, after being elected to power, they pivoted the country towards increased religious conservatism, concentration of power in the hands of the head of state, and disruption of existing military and geopolitical alliances in the region. Within a year of elections, the citizens rioted against the government, leading to a takeover and crackdown of the Muslim Brotherhood by the military-backed regime of Fattah Al Sisi, which has been in power ever since.
			THBT the United States should halt all efforts to overthrow the Maduro regime
			TH, as the United States, Would not military intervention
		R6
			TH, as the transgender community, would oppose the use of female-image consultants by trans women
			TH, as the feminist movement, should doxx women whom they believe have falsely accused men of sexual harassment (e.g. Amber Heard)
				Doxx: aggressively search for and publish both publish both publicly existing and private information of the individual
			THBT intersex athletes with elevated testosterone levels should not be allowed to participate in women’s athletics without undergoing hormone therapy
		R7
			THBT progressive political candidates should not accept large donations (cash, product or services) from rich donors/corporations
			TH prefers a world where political discourse does not include discussions of any candidate’s personal experiences or character
			THBT the US Democratic Party should restrict the number of candidates announcing Presidential runs for 2020
		R8
			TH prefers a world where there are fewer but larger charitable organizations combating poverty
			THW require all parents to set up a child trut fund* as a precondition to having children. *A Child Trust Fund (CTF) is a long-term savings or investment account for children that is only accessible to them when they reach 18.
			You are the CEO of a charity which provides educational scholarships to students from a poor ethnic minority with historically low guaduation rates, you discover that your program has not resulted in significant improvement in those students’ graduation rates. THW hide the data
		EFL GF
			TH supports paying reparations to communities that have suffered from historical injustices
			THBT multicultural states should actively impose a singular national identity (e.g. history, culture, language)
			THBT former British colonies should no longer allow the maintenance of all physical remnants of colonial history (architecture, paintings, etc.)
		Open Oct Finals
			TH, as South Korea, would recognize North Korea as a nuclear power
			THBT developing countries in Asia should reject the adoption of Huawei technology
			TH, as the India National Congress, would appeal to religious nationalism as a political strategy
				The Indian National Congress is one of the main opposition parties in India. It ruled India for most of its post-independence in 1947 to 2014, when they lost the general election to the Bharatiya Janata Party, a Hindu nationalist party. In the recent 2019 elections, the BJP once again won the election by a convincing margin of 303 seats to INC’s 52, out of 545 seats.
		Open Quarter Finals/EFL Quarter Finals
			THBT the pro-choice movement should adopt the strategy of interpreting scriptures in favor of abortion
			TH, as organizations within Abrahamic faiths, would abandon the notion that followers have a moral duty to proselytize
			THBT it is in the interests of non-believers to oppose any movements that attach the faiths of believers
		Open Semi Finals/EFL Semi Finals
			THBT governments should be given the option to compel companies to publicly release algorithms that use demographic data
			THS Facebook’s current current moderation policies
			THS the Right to be Forgotten*
				The right to be forgotten refers the right of individuals to have information, videos or photographs of them deleted from publicly available sources e.g. the Internet
		Open Grand Final
			THR the rise of corporate mindfulness programs
				Mindfulness is defined as the practice of paying attention to thoughts and feelings without judging whether they are right or wrong, and is commonly taught as a technique to deal with stress and anxiety. 22% of employers in the United States provide programs to teach their employees mindfulness and meditation. These companies include Google, Nike, Apple.
			THR the practice of Asians adopting Western names
			THR the widespread narrative that living a long life is inherently good
	Hanoi Debate Open (Pre UADC 2019)
		R1
			THW shut down underperforming schools
			THBT schools should not motivate children to believe that anyone can succeed through hard work regardless of their background
			TH, as the United States, would make public colleges, universities, and trade schools tuition-free
		R2
			TH regrets the commercialization of pride week events
			THBT pride events in conservative countries do more harm than good
			TH regrets the emphasis placed on coming out
		R3
			TH regrets the EU’s decision to phase out palm oil
				The EU has recently concluded that the cultivation of palm oil, mostly undertaken in Indonesia and Malaysia, results in excessive deforestation. It should therefore not be eligible to count toward EU renewable transport targets for national governments. The EU has also banned subsidies for palm oil. Palm oil is used in pizza, doughnuts, chocolate, deodorant, shampoo, toothpaste and lipstick. It’s also used in animal feed and as a biofuel in many parts of the world.
			TH regrets the global shutdown of civilian nuclear power plants
			THW impose a tax on meat
		R4
			TH would reserve seats on the board of directors of companies for women
			THBT self-identified pro-choice activists who have had an abortion should not publicly discuss their regret or grief about their experiences
			TH, as a feminist, would only join gender-segregated labor unions
		R5
			TH opposes the widespread adoption of facial-recognition technology
				A facial recognition system is a technology that can identify people’s faces from videos and photos (e.g. Facebook auto-tagging photos). These systems identify people by comparing photos and videos of people with photos of people that they already have in a database.
			In cities with developed public transport systems, THW tax ride-hailing services like Uber and Grab
			THW impose significant taxes on companies that replace human workers with machines
	9th United Asian Debating Championship(2018)
		R2
			THBT NATO countries should support Trump’s decision to back out ofthe Iran Nuclear Deal.
			TH as Iran, whould covertly restart and accelerate the acquisition of nuclear weapons.
			THBT South Korea should donounce interests and plans of unification, and ecognise North Korea asa legitimate sovereign state.
		R3
			THR Judical Activism.
				Judical activism refers to judical rulings that are suspected of being based on personal pursuit of social justice rather than the traditional interpretation of the law. Judical activism can be narrowly defined as one or more of three possibile actions overturninglaws as unconstitutional, overturning udical precedent, and rulingagains a prferred nterpretation of the constitution, in favour of personal political leanings.
			THW lower the burden of proof in cause of sexual assault to a balance of probabilities in a court of law.
				BEYOND REASONABLE DOUBT
				Currently for someone to be found guilty of criminal misconduct, they have to be found guilty “beyond a reasonable doubt”.
				Finding someone guilty based on “Balance of probabilities” means that it is merely more likely than not that the person is guilty. It means that it is probable, i.e., the probability that some event happens is more than 50%.
			THW allow the retrospective application of laws for felonies that were committed in the period where were not criminalized.
		R4
			THW reject party-hopping ex-members of the previous ruling party.
			THR the narrative that democracy is the ideal form of governance under all circumstances.
			TH as the leader, would curtail media freedom and jail fundementalist-minded dissidents.
				You are a prograssive leader of a democratic nation that is going through a rise in extremely conservative viewpoints. You are convinced that the prevalence of such political beliefs will inevitably lead to a rise of intorelance and discrimination towards minorities
		R5
			THW allocate research funds in public universities purely on state-determined utility factors.
			In countries where tertiary education is heavily subsidised or completely free, THW allow studends who have passed their high school board exam to study any subject in any local university of their choosing.
			THW portray Winston Churchill as a villain of history.
		R6
			THR the existence of the Vision Fund.
				The vision fund is teh result of an alliance forged in 2016 between Mr Masayoshi Son (founder of Softbank, a Japanese telecoms and internet firm) and saudi Arabia’s crown prince, Muhammad bin Salman. The Saudi crown prince handed Mr Son US$45bn as part of his attempt to diversify the kingdom’s economy. The innitial capital attracted more investors-from Abu Dhabi, Apple and others. Together with Softbank’s own US$ 28bn, the Vision Fund exceeded US$100bn. That amount was four times the size of the biggest private-equity fund ever raised, and exceeded the total amount of all venture capital(VC) funds raised globally in 2016. The Vision Fund was informally called “the most powerful investor in our world”. The investment fund has bought into many of the world’s prominent tech companies. These include, but are not limited to Uber, Grab ,Ola, Flipkart, and Autol.
			THS cryptocurrencies that seek to work with/for financial institutions (E.g. XRP) over those that seek to disrupt the banking industry(E.g. Bitcoin).
				Bitcoin and Ripple(XRP) are digital forms of currency with a limited number of units that can ultimately be mined. Both forms of currency can be transferred from account to account(peer-to-peer, or P2P) without the need for any intervening third party. Ripple is the name for both a digital currency(XRP) and an open payment network within which that currency is transferred. The goal of the Ripple system is to enable people to break free of the “walled gardens” of financial networks, to connect banks and other financial institutions.While Bitcoin is a digital currency intended as a means of payment for goods and services, Ripple is a payment setting, currency exchange and remittance system for direct transfer of assets (e.g. money, gold, etc.) that settles in almost real-time, and is a cheaper, more transparent and secure alternative to transfer system used by banks today, such as the SWIFT payment system. Ripple aimes to become the world’s enterprise blockchain solution for global payments.
			THW require a proportionate investment by Multi-National Corporation (MNCs) directed toward rural areas for every capital inflow to urban areas.
		R7
			THR the popular portrayal of individuals with mental disorders as crative geniuses.
			THW rank all charities based on their effectiveness and give tax breaks accordingly.
			THW make welfare (E.g. Housing grants, food stamps, unemployment income) conditional on finantial necessity only.
		R8
			THS Ethipoia’s construction of the Grand Ethipian Renaissance Dam (GERD).
				The Gran Ethiopian Renaissance Dam(GERD) is the centrepeice of Ethipoia’s bid to become Africa’s biggest exporter of electricity. Locatec in the headwaters of the Blue Nile and expected to produce 6,000 magawatts of electricity, the dam will be Africa’s largest hydroelectric power plant (7th largest in the world) and will boost the economic growth of Ethiopia. As a downstream, desert nation, Egypt says the dam wikk disrupt the flow of the Nile to its almost 100 million people, potentially crippling its agricultural sector and industries. Experts say the Nile’s freshwater flow to Egypt may be cut by 25% upon filling of the reservoir. Egypt has been opposed to the idea of the dam and has threatened to spark a war over water supply. The construction of the dam is nearing completion, with Ethiopia expecting to start filling the dam as early as July 2018.
			THBT the UN Force Intervention Brigade should be withdrawn from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
				The UN Force Intervention Brigade (FIB) is the UN peacekeeping operation specifically tasked to carry out targeted offensive operations to “neutralize and disarm” groups considersd a threat to state authority and civilian security in Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The mandate names specific rebel groupes such as the LRA, M23 Movment, and ADF as targets.
				The Democratic Republic of Congo is slowly recovering from a conflict that led to the loss of some five million lives between 1994 and 2003, but many eastern areas are still pleagued by violence as various rebel groupes continue to operate there till today. Currently, more than 100 armed groupes remain active in the Democratic Republic of Congo and many continued to attack civilians, including the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda (FDLR) and allied Nyatura groupes, the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), Nduma Defence of Congo-Renove (NDC-R), the Mazembe, Charles, and Yakutumba Mai Mai groupes, and several Burundian armed groupes. Many of their commanders have been implicated in war crimes, including ethnic massacres, rape, forced recruitment of children, and pillage.
			THBT the white community in Zimbabwe should be paid reparations by the State for being subjected to racial discrimination and violence.
				Zimbabwe is a former colonial state. British South Africans and Afrikaner colonists came to Zimbabwe until 1980 when universal enfranchisement and sovereignty were established. Under Robbot Mugbe’s authoritarian regime (1980-2017), the state security apparatus dominated the country and was responsibile for widespread human rights violations against the white community. Mugabe’s government-sanctioned purge in the 200s saw violent seizures of land, murders of white Zimbabweans, and refusal to prosecute those who were responsible for the atrocities.
				The violence against the dwindling white community, particularly against white farmers, persists up to this day.
		Open Octo Finals
			THBT the West should collectively commit to bailing out infrastructure prodects that default o ther Chinese loans.
			TH as Uighurs, would engage in greater social integration with mainstream Chinese culture at the expense of the preservation of their culture, religion and way of life.
			THBT the Vatican should cease all ongoing negotiation with China.
				HOLY SEE-BEIJING NEGOTIATIONS
				Ties between China and the Vatican have long been stained by disputes over who can appoint bishops in the country. China’s 12 million Catholics are aplit bewteen underground communities that often recognize the pope and those registered with the state-controlled Catholic Patriotic Assosiacion (CPA) in China. CPA bishops are appointed by the government in collaboration with local Church communities and they refuse to accept the authority of the Pope. Recent negotiations bewteen China and the Vatican would allow Beijing to propose candidates for bishop in China and the Vatican to select candidates from the list presented by the Chinese. This system would be similar to how Hong Kong’s chief executive is elected.
		Open Quarter Finals/EFL Pre-Semi Finals
			THR Mattel’s making Barbie dolls out of feminist icons.(e.g. Freida Kahio, Kathryn Watson, Amelia Earhart)
			THBT feminists should reject the ‘guilt-tripping/shaming’ approach in extremely conservation societies.
			THS vegan terrorism.
		Open Semi Finals/EFL Semi Finals
			THBT Palestinians should actively pursue permanent resettlement outside of Palestine.
			THW universally cap military budgets to a small percentage of the GDP.
			THW remove the US Presidential powers to bypass congressional authorisation for use of military force.
		EFL Grand Final
			THBT parents should introduce their teenage children to robot lovers.
				ROBOT LOVERS
				A few companies are in the process of creating robot lovers. These robots are designed to create emotional support and are supposed to be able to adapt to different personalities to create remance. These robots are also available for sexual gratification.
			THW aggresively advocate against procreation in mainstream society.
			THW celebrate sending one’s parents to homes for the aged(old folks homes).
		Open Grand Final
			TH regrets the narrative of hope in the approach to illness, death, and grief.
			In the face of atrocities, THBT death is better than bondage.
			THW prefer to live in societies where we are constantly reminded of our morality.
	8th United Asian Debating Championship(2017)
		R1: Social Justice
			TH regrets the narrative that the empowerment of historically oppressed communities is an intergenerational obligation for members of that community.
			THW recognise the sovereignty of all land purchased by indigenous clans or tribes.
			As the African-American community, THW reject the narrative of blaming structural oppression in favour of embracing one of seizing personal responsibility.
		R2: Culture
			THBT states should not be allowed to seize private assets that they deem to be historically or culturally significant.
			TH regrets all art that depicts or is inspired by suicide.
			In post-revolutionary societies, TH regrets the portrayal of overthrown dictators as absolutely evil.
		R3: Asia
			TH, as Pakistan, would reject the development of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor.
			TH supports the establishment of an ASEAN body with jurisdiction to prosecute human rights violations.
			THBT South Korea should pursue closer economic, political, and military ties with China, even at the expense of its relationship with the United States.
		R4: Development
			In times of humanitarian crisis, TH supports countries seeking loans from private corporations as opposed to relying on international aid.
			THW aggressively divert development aid from international organizations to local NGOs.
			In times of emergency, THW nationalise food supply.
		R5: Education
			TH supports the Kibbutz communal child-rearing method.
			THW ban race/ethnicity-based organizations in universities.
			As a teacher from an underprivileged racial/ethnic minority, THW artificially inflate the grades of students from similarly disadvantaged groups.
		R6: Economics
			TH supports the rise of peer-to-peer lending as an alternative to financial institutions.
			THBT countries should use their land and natural resources as collateral when issuing bonds.
			THW prohibit hedge funds from purchasing sovereign debt issued by countries nearing insolvency.
		R7: Environment
			THW require all companies that research into renewable energy to periodically declassify their findings.
			THW not provide welfare and government services to individuals who refuse to relocate out of areas at high risk of natural disaster.
			THW tax non-renewable energy to match the cost of the cheapest available renewable energy source.
		R8: Middle East
			THBT the Kurdish people should cease attempts to establish an independent Kurdistan in order to seek greater political power and influence in Iraq.
			TH regrets the Trump administration’s decision to end arming Syrian rebels against the Assad regime.
			TH, as Hassan Rouhani, would lead the Iranian government to comply with all of the United States’ demands.
		EFL Semifinal: Media
			THBT Western media should cease all reporting on Daesh.
			THBT liberal media outlets should engage in the production of fake news.
			THW classify civilian media outlets and non-military broadcasting equipment as legitimate targets in war.
		EFL Final: Religion
			THW ban religious organizations from operating in refugee camps.
			TH prefers a world where Catholicism has no central authority.
			THW ban caste-based parties in India.
		Open Octofinal: Health
			TH supports pandemic bonds.
			THW disallow employers from accessing the mental health records of employees and job applicants.
			An airborne pathogen has been synthesised that will randomly render half of human beings across the globe infertile. TH supports the release of the pathogen.
		Open Quarterfinal: Gender
			THW not allow being labeled homosexual to be grounds for defamation claims.
			TH, as the LGBT movement, would abandon its pursuit of full inclusion into the armed forces.
			You are the leader of a prominent feminist political party which enjoys reasonable support but is highly unlikely to win an election on its own. The recently elected head of state, with a historically poor record with women’s rights, has asked for your party to be part of a coalition government. THW accept the offer.
		Open Semifinal: Philosophy
			TH supports materialism.
			TH regrets cosmopolitanism.
			TH prefers a world where morality is entirely constructed based on utilitarianism.
		Open Final: Politics
			TH prefers an undemocratic technocracy over a representative democracy.
			THBT Democratic Party should aggressively prioritize class-based politics over identity-based politics.
			THBT progressive liberals in the Philippines should actively dissociate from the Liberal Party in opposing the the Duterte administration.
	7th United Asian Debating Championship (2016)
		R1
			In democracies, THW criminalize the issuance of fatwas which contradicts the law of the land
			THBT cabinet positions (e.g., minister of foreign affairs, minister of education, etc) should only be appointed through merit based examinations
			THW allow negative voting in elections
		R2
			THBT the LGBT community should reject the notion of heteroflexibility
			TH supports the creation of an independent territory for the LGBT
			THW require all advertising on personal grooming products and services to be gender neutral
		R3
			In multi-ethnic societies, THW prioritize the hiring of ethnic minorities for teaching positions
			THW shut down schools that have high incidences of bullying
			THW make the fulfillment of an Academic Minor in liberal arts (e.g. social sciences, humanities, political science, philosophy, etc) a requirement for all university programs
		R4
			THBT India should not host exiled Tibetans
			As India, THW actively incentivise Indian Businesses to invest in Kashmir
			THBT Western Liberal Democracies should suspend trade with Bangladesh until its government takes substantial and effective steps to bring “bloggerkillers” to justice
		R5
			THBT social movements should abandon the strategy of attacking and delegitimizing the viewpoints of other people on the basis of their privilege
			THW determine income tax based on the relative privilege of an individuals’ upbringing
			THW impose an absolute cap on the non-medical, non-emergency expenditure by parents on each of their children
		R6
			TH, as a developing country, would not investigate individuals’ and companies’ offshore investments if they bring the funds back and invest in the local community
			In developing countries, THW not allow Multinational Corporations (MNCs) to sue Small or Medium Enterprises for copyrights/patents infringement
			THBT government should nationalize all sin industries (e.g. alcohol, gambling, and tobacco industries)
		R7
			THBT Bollywood should ban item girls/item songs
			THBT feminist movement should celebrate the rising trend of open relationship
			THBT the feminist movement should name and shame prominent female figures who take on jobs that pay men more for the work
		R8
			THW ban diagnose-me websites
			You are a fertility doctor. A patient, who comes from a conservative background and is married, approaches you to conduct a test to diagnose her infertility. The test analysis reveals that your patient is genetically male, and suffers from a rare disorder which renders the patient’s body unable to release testosterone, resulting in the patient gaining a woman’s physique. Assuming there was no chance of being found out, THW not reveal to the patient that he is genetically male
			THW criminalize the pharmaceutical companies for shortages/stockouts of medically critical products
	6th United Asian Debating Championship(2015)
		R1: Development
			THBT development aid should be made conditional on poor countries aggressively pursuing population control
			In the pursuit of promoting development, THBT development aid should come with zero interest
			THW impose an extremely high ownership fee on vehicle ownership (200%-300%) in developing countries
		R2: Women
			THBT governments of conservative societies should financially incentivize men to be house-husbands
			TH, as a woman, would vote for Hillary Clinton
			In order to address the wage gap, THW impose a higher income tax on men
		R3: International Law
			THBT states should hold periodic elections for their local governments where people can vote to permanently secede
			THW allow the owners of IP rights to sue governments where those IP rights are widely infringed upon within their countries
			THBT trials involving crimes against humanity should continue despite the death of the accused
		R4: Technology
			THW nationalize all internet search engines (e.g. Google Search)
			THW not recognize a right to be forgotten online
			THBT first world countries should criminalize mere access to the deep web
				The deep web is the part of the World Wide Web that is not discoverable by means of standard search engines and typically contains illegal or subversive content.
		R5: Economics
			THW only allow people to obtain credit credits if they exceed the average national income per person
			TH supports the use of economic terrorism to fight against unfair trade practices of large nations, such as currency manipulation and trade-distorting subsidies
				Economic terrorism is an attempt by a non-state actor of a coordinated destabilization, in order to disrupt the economic and financial stability of a state, including but not limited to, aggressive market tactics, hoarding dollar reserves for currency manipulation and physical attacks to ports.
			THBT EU nations should abandon austerity measures in favor of deficit-spending
		R6: Refugees
			THW give automatically grant refugees citizenship; if the conflict they are escaping from continues for an equal amount of time it takes for a person to acquire citizenship in the sheltering nation
			THBT people who consented to be smuggled across borders but are later trafficked, should be considered as illegal immigrants, rather than as victims
			TH supports Australia paying developing countries (e.g. Cambodia, Papua New Guinea) to take in its refugees
		R7: Geo-politics
			THBT the Philippines should waive its claim over Sabah in exchange for Malaysia supporting the Spratly Islands case against China
			THBT India should give military aid to Pakistan to assist in the war on terror
			Assuming feasibility, THW relocate Palestine
		R8: Social Liberties
			THBT Western Liberal Democracies should not allow drawing competitions of the Prophet Muhammad.
			THW make labour union membership mandatory
			TH prefers using referendums instead of the courts in deciding the legality of civil rights
		Open Pre-Octo-Finals: Environment
			TH, as an environmental activist, would not engage in carbon offsetting
				Carbon offsetting is when a person attempts to reduce their emissions of greenhouse gases in order to compensate for their own carbon-heavy emission.
			THW ban any speech and publication denying man-made climate change
			TH regrets fossil fuel divestment campaign
				Divestment campaign is a movement to lobby for people to refrain from investing OR for holders of stocks, bonds, or investment funds to sell their shares in fossil fuel companies.
		Open Octo-Finals: Languages & Symbols
			THW ban all historically discriminatory words
			TH regrets the prevalence of battlefield metaphor in describing the condition of individuals with cancer; such as cancer survivor, fighting cancer and lost the battle to cancer
			THBT the disability rights movement should exploit rather than oppose “inspiration porn”
				“Inspiration porn” is any picture, video, meme, or feel-good article that displays a person with a disability doing an ordinary activity – such as playing, talking, or walking – and hailing such activity as inspiring.
		Open Quarter Finals & EFL Pre-Quarter Finals: LGBT
			THBT the state should pay reparations to homosexuals after it recognizes marriage equality
			THW not publish the names of donors to ballot initiatives, such as Proposition 8
			TH regrets granting the ESPY Courage Award to Caitlyn Jenner
				Context: Caitlyn Jenner is a transgender who was born biologically male. She was formerly known as Bruce Jenner, a former Olympian athlete and a reality show celebrity in “Keeping Up With The Kardashians”.
		EFL Quarters: Elections
			THW ban all forms of election-related polls, such as election forecasts and public opinion polls
			THBT states should not allow individuals with dual citizenship to vote in either of their national elections, unless they give up one of their citizenship status
			THW mandate a quota of seats for young politicians (i.e. 18 to 30 year-olds) in the Parliament
		Open Semifinals & EFL Semifinals: Philosophistication
			Given the trolley problem, THW not do anything
				The “trolley problem” is a thought experiment in ethics. The general form of problem is the following: There is a runaway trolley speeding down the railway. Ahead, the trolley is heading towards five people tied up and it will end up killing them. Next to you, there is a lever that allows you to switch the track that the trolley is on to a track that will kill one person only. Do you pull the lever or not do anything?
			THW allow the enforcement of “moral agreements” between private citizens, including the mutual agreement on the punishment administered
			Assuming the technology exists, THW forcibly return his memories
				Situation: A man who is married with two kids is living a happy life. He got into a terrible accident while alone on vacation, suffered from permanent amnesia and goes missing. Subsequently, he has established a new life and is happily living with his new family. A friend has discovered him and offered to re-introduce him to his old life. He refuses to return to his old life.
		EFL Finals: Religion
			THBT secular democracies with substantial religious communities should not allow a separate legal system for those communities (e.g. Syariah Law, Canon Law)
			THW recognize religious indoctrination as a mitigating factor in criminal sentencing
			TH, as the atheist community, will not support Dawkin’s “God Delusion” publication
				Context: Richard Dawkin’s best-selling “The God Delusion” book sets out to prove that God does not exist and a personal belief in God qualifies as a delusion and an insanity.
		Grand Finals: Social Construct
			THBT Western governments should cease their efforts to universalize liberal values
			TH regrets the norm of prospective parents actively choosing to have a biological child rather than adopt
			TH prefers a world without any conception of gender over a world with a conception of gender identities
	5th United Asian Debating Championship(2014)
		R1
			THBT the trend of placing trigger warnings(sexual content, violence, suicide) for students in singing up for class courses is regressive for education.
			THW ban gender based initiatory organizations (e.g. Fraternies and sororities)
			THBT companies should be disallowed from attaching conditions to the scholarships they give out that lock individuals to specific industries.
		R2
			THW break up megacities
			TH regrets the resignation of top officials over national scandals and/or tragedies
			THW remove citizen-first hiring policies.
		R3
			In nations with high rates of crime against women, THBT the international community should saction the poltical elite in the country.
			THBT the feminist movement should actively support groups like the Gulabi Gang. (Info: The Gulabi Gang is a group of women activists in India fighting for women’s rights and protection against violence towards women. They are commonly called on by domestic violence survivors to beat up their husbands.)
			THBT self indentified pro-choice activists who have had an abortion should not publicly discuss their regret or grief about their experiences.
		R4
			THW prohibit the media from disclosing the political motivation of terrorist groups.
			THW only allow nudity in the media that plays a role in the story or furthers the narrative.
			THW require judicial approval prior to the release of classified information by journalist.
		R5
			THW discontinue the practice of victim testimonies during sentencing hearings.
			THW prohibit the release of previously unpublished artistic works, after the death of the creator, author or musician.
			THW reduce a prisoner’s sentence for every state-approved book that they read.
		R6
			THBT the Philippines should allow other countries to set up military bases in parts of its territory in the exchange for money.
			THBT Singapore and Malaysia should place a moratorium on importing labour from Indonesia until they reform their environmental practices.
			THBT public figures serving in the Japanese government have a moral obligation not to visit the Yasukuni Shrine.
		R7
			THW, as Dalai Lama, choose to be reincarnated outside of China and Tibet. (Info: China has stated that they have plans to control the next Dalai Lama)
			THW, as Pope Francis, expose the gay network in the Vatican.
			In impoverished nations, when members of the Church have a child beyond their finiancial means, THBT the Church should be responsible for expenses of rearing the child.
		R8
			Regardless of consent, THBT families have a right to pull the plug on pregnant women on life support.
			THW limit the right to receive organ donations strictly to those who sign up as donors themselves.
			THW disallow mergers of big pharmaceutical companies.
		Open Pre-Octos
			TH regrets the dominant narrative in children’s education that good always wins.
			THBT parents who actively try to suppress a child’s sexuality should be charged for abuse.
			THBT professional sports clubs should not be allowed to contract underage players to their teams.
		Open Octos and EFL Quarters
			TH Supports an African Union led intiative into Nigeria to combat Boko Haram
			THBT India should institute an automatic right to refuge for persecuted Hindus.
			THBT the Pheu Thai party should cede one term of governance to the Democratic Party.
		Open Quarters and EFL Semis
			THW prevent banks from owning a stake in the extraction, transportation, storage or distribution of physical commodities.
			TH condemns Turkey’s move to facilitate oil exports from Kurdistan without the Iraqi federal government’s consent.
			THW pay reparations to families of victims of the slave trade.
		Open Semis
			THBT the Western media should not refer to Hamas as a terrorist organization.
			THBT the occupation of the West Bank must be considered as ethnic cleansing.
			THBT the Pope, as the head of the Catholic Church, should not have called the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territory the “State of Palestine”.
		EFL FInal
			TH regrets the use of graphic imagery of suffering to promote altruistic causes.
			THBT domestic based corporations should not be punished by their governments for committing bribery abroad.
			THBT the practice of mitigating crimes out of economic necessity does more harm than good.
		Open Final
			THBT corporations are a bane to the development of third-world countries.
			THBT instead of countries directly giving aid, all developmental aid should be decided by an independent institution, which will not disclose the identity of the donor.
			THBT aid budget allocation should prioritize the development of mobile technology, capacity and infrastructure.
	4th United Asian Debating Championship(2013)
		R1: Education
			THBT academic researchers should restrict public access to their research that has not undergone peer review.
			THW make public universities free.
			THW require all public servants to send their children to public school.
		R2: If I Were A Doctor…
			As far as they are able to, THBT doctors have an obligation to disclose to a patient’s sexual partners that the patient has HIV/AIDS.
			THBT doctors should never administer life sustaining treatment to those pronounced brain dead.
			THBT doctors should refuse to administer abortions on patients who insist on maintaining a pro-life stance.
		R3: Mind Your Own Business
			THW abolish all patents.
			THW nationalize any company that is deemed to be too big to fail.
			TH supports multinational corporations who outsource their production to countries that have loose labor laws.
		R4: Social Networking
			THBT social networking sites have done more harm than good for interpersonal interaction.
			THBT social networks like Grindr should not allow users to prevent their profiles from being searched by members of a specific race.
			TH condemns dating sites like Ashley Madison that are targeted at people in relationships looking to have an affair.
		R5: Gender
			THW require all employees to take the same amount of leave and work the same number of hours that their average female colleague with a child does.
			Regardless of parental consent, THW fund gender reassignment surgery for minors.
			THBT homosexual movement should out homosexuals they know to be in the closet.
		R6: Crime and Punishment
			TH supports the indefinite detention of individuals in the interest of public safety.
			THBT justice should involve no consideration for retribution and focus on rehabilitation instead.
			THW ban proselytizing (to induce someone to convert to one’s faith) in prisons.
		R7: Environment
			THW not cut funding to research that seeks to deal with climate change, even in the wake of austerity.
			THW stop searching for new sources of oil.
			THW stop preventing the worsening of climate change and focus on adapting to its consequences instead.
		R8: Democracy
			TH prefers a system of proportional representation to first-past-the-post voting.
			TH supports parties who choose their policy positions on bills being voted on in the legislature through an online vote by their constituents.
			THBT majority of the members of the legislature should be chosen from a socially representative random draw from the general population.
				proportional representation=比例代表 , first-past-the-post=小選挙区
		Octo Final: Geopolitics and Conflict
			In post-conflict societies, THW stop collecting and destroy all information regarding the ethnic and religious identities of its citizens.
			For as long as Israel occupies Palestinian territories, TH supports an academic boycott of Israel.
			THBT journalists should not use deception to gain access to rogue states or conflict zones.
		Open Quarter Final and EFL Pre-mi Final: Economics
			THW not tax investment income.
			THBT governments should balance their budgets unless they secure consent to the contrary from young voters via referenda.
			TH supports the wider use of alternative, non-centralized currencies such as BitCoin.
		Open Semi Final and EFL Semi Final: Discourse
			TH regrets individualism as the dominant conception of morality in contemporary liberal discourse.
			THBT political correctness’ gain is discourse’s loss.
			TH regrets the state’s monopoly over historical narratives.
		EFL Grand Final: Socio Legal
			THW abolish welfare services for the poor and give them the equivalent in cash instead.
			THBT spouses with no employment income should be entitled to a significant portion of their partner’s wages/salary.
			THW have affirmative action for the ugly.
		Open Grand Final: Social Justice
			THBT all children should be surrendered to the state’s care upon birth.
			THW cap the number of years a person can own land.
			THW ban inheritance.
	3rd United Asian Debating Championship(2012)
		R1
			THBT those on organ transplant waiting lists should be prioritized according to lifestyle options.
			THW disallow individuals below certain income level from participating in clinical trials.
			THBT in the event of life-threatening illnesses, medical decisions about children should be made by doctors not parents.
		R2
			THW mandate equal primetime coverage for men’s and women’s sports.
			THW ban all sports that define winning as inflicting pain or glorifying its simulation
			THBT companies which promote unhealthy lifestyles should be disallowed from sponsoring sporting events.
		R3
			THW forcefully relocate talent and allow resources from all the top educational institutions (primary, secondary, tertiary) to those at the bottom.
			THW require universities to share the burden in repaying the loans of their graduates if they are unable to find the unemployment.
			THW abolish unpaid internship.
		R4
			THW exempt indigenous communities from laws relating to environmental protection.
			THW actively and forcefully reverse transmigration policies instituted by former dictators or colonial masters.
			THBT tribal law should have jurisdiction over all crimes committed on tribal land regardless of who the perpetrator is.
		R5
			THBT ASEAN should have a defense pact stipulating that any attempt by China to occupy the South China Sea Islands will be met with military force.
			THW ban the use of unmanned combat vehicles(i.e drones) in combat operations
			THBT the USA should adopt a policy that in the event Israel launches any attack on Iran, the US will withdraw all military support to it.
		R6
			THBT liberal states with sexually conservative communities should subsidize hymen reconstruction surgery.
			THBT the feminist movement should condemn celebrities (like Rihanna) who choose to continue to pursue a personal relationship with abusive partners.
			THBT the French government should repeal the ban on burqa
		R7
			THW legalize polygamy
			THBT state welfare should only support families up to a certain size
			THBT liberals have a moral duty to abstain from marriage until gay marriage is legalized
		R8
			THBT religions should be held liable for making curative claims on illnesses if an individual refuses to seek live-saving medical treatment
			THW ban proselytizing in prisons
			THW ban gay conversion therapy.
		Octo Finals
			THW cap the number of patents that a corporation can simultaneously hold
			THBT corporations only have a duty to their shareholders
			THBT victims of environmental abuses by foreign companies should be allowed to hold them liable in the company’s country of origin.
		Quarters
			Assuming that the technology which can predict crime to a very high probability exists. THW use it to preemptively arrest individuals for their (potential) involvement
			Assuming it is possible to do so, THW identify and abort fetuses that with demonstrate sociopathic tendencies in later life.
			Assuming it is possible to do so, THW permanently alter the minds of violent criminals
		EFL Semi Final Motions
			THW disallow plea-bargaining in criminal trials
			THW make sexual harassment a criminal offense instead of civil suit
			THE elect judges
		EFL Final
			TH Supports The Use of Child Labour
		Grand Final
			THBT former colonial masters have a responsibility to restore stability in their former colonies that descend into conflict.
			THBT the International community should form a coalition of the willing and intervene in Syria with or without United Nations approval
			THBT humanitarian aid does more harm than good in active conflict zones.
	2nd United Asian Debating Championship(2011)
		R1
			TH would not allow minors to be involved in politics
			TH would scrap the government pension system
			TH house regrets the practice of ‘tiger’ parenting
		R2
			THBT copyright of visual media belongs to the subject and not the photographer
			TH would build a national DNA database
			TH would ban the collection and sale of location and usage information by Smartphone companies.
		R3
			TH would ban adult entertainment from casinos.
			THBT it is wrong to raise money for social welfare through national lotteries.
			TH would remove all sin taxes.
		R4
			THBT countries which pollute common waters should lose their Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs)
			TH would not grant citizenship at birth to the children of foreigners on domestic soil
			TH would pay the militaries of the other states to fight our battles.
		R5
			TH believes that doctor should never lie to their patients, even for their own good
			TH celebrates the willingness of women to be ‘sluts’
			TH would allow individuals to purchase behavior-modifying drugs without prescription
		R6
			THBT China should leave the WTO
			THBT China should support the unification of the two Koreas
			THBT China should actively incentivize celebrities and public figures who are non citizen ethnic Chinese to naturalize
		R7
			TH would make education in the high arts mandatory in schools.
			TH would require presidential candidates to disclose their official records upon public request.
			TH regrets the high priority given to sports in the national consciousness.
		R8
			TH prefers a secular autocracy to a fundamentalist democracy
			TH would erase the legacies and tear down monuments dedicated to deposed dictators.
			TH would require election campaigns to be bi-/multi-lingual
		Double Octo Finals
			THBT states should actively protect the practice of home grown religion
			THBT the state should cease to recognize the specific ‘right to religious freedom
			TH would not allow religious missions to access the vulnerable
		Octo Finals
			THW target the families of our enemies
			THBT it’s legitimate for states to exaggerate threats to pass unpopular legislation they deem to be in the interest of national security
			THW discontinue all Black Operations
		Quarter Finals
			THW make the raising of business and labour standards a prerequisite for development aid.
			THW punish financial institution who fail to maintain liquidity in situation of market fluctuation.
			THW discard tourism reliant economy strategies
		Semifinals
			TH welcomes the development of the feminist discourse that embraces and expounds on the physical psychological differences between men and women.
			THBT seduction is a legitimate tool in achieving political ends.
			THW send women as ambassadors to the countries that oppress women.
		Finals
			TH would never offer amnesty to heads of state in the midst of possible regime change.
	1st United Asian Debating Championship(2010)
		R0: Ban
			THW ban websites that do your assignments for you
			THBT that governments should totally ban smoking
			THW ban hymen reconstruction surgery
		R1: Religion
			THBT the right to free speech does not extend to offending religions
			THBT religious organizations should pay taxes on donations received and assets owned
			THBT the Pope should be prosecuted for the crimes of Roman Catholic priests
		R2: Medical Ethics
			THBT Doctors should be obligated to report suspected cases of domestic abuse
			THBT Doctors should not be forced to perform medical procedures that are against their faith
			THW Ban treatments that claim to cure homosexuality
		R3: Post Conflict
			THBT post conflict societies should recruit rebel soldiers into state armies
			THBT that it is justified to represent fallen regimes as absolutely evil in history textbooks
			THW confiscate property of those who cooperated with oppressive regimes after the fall of the regime.
		R4: Big Cities
			THW pay youth to not move to urban centers
			THW place a prohibitive tax on car ownership
			THW impose curfews in high crimes areas
		R5: Media
			THBT that western liberal democracies should ban online anonymity
			THBT the willingness to participate in formal public election debates should be a pre-requisite for candidates running for national office
			THW ban advertisements that use sex to sell products
		R6: Pop Culture / Art
			THBT Harry Potter has done more harm than good for literature
			THBT that important characters in movies should be portrayed by actors of the same ethnicity
			THW impose a minimum age for pop stars
		R7: International Relations
			THBT it’s time the US recognize Hamas as a legitimate representative of Palestine
			THBT the NLD should not boycott the elections in Burma.
			THBT the leaders of nations that stockpile agricultural products for economic gain while global hunger persists should be charged with crimes against humanity
		R8: Social Dilemmas
			THW compel children to care for their parents
			THW allow minors to apply to be recognised as adults before they reach they age of majority
			THBT individuals who have undergone cosmetic surgery should be required to disclose it to anyone whom they want to have children with.
		Pre OF: WTO
			THBT Russia should be admitted as a full member into the WTO now
			THBT the WTO should hold all countries to uniform labour standards
			THBT the WTO dispute regulation mechanism should allow disregarding intellectual property as a form of retaliation to unfair trade practices
		OF: Environment
			THW make environmental protection a legitimate defense in the prosecution of destruction of property
			THBT The environmental movement should publish outright lies about the extent of environment harm to promote their cause.
			THBT governments should only subcontract to environmentally friendly companies.
		QF, EFL SF: Immigration
			THBT ASEAN nations should accept Burmese refugees.
			THS accept migrants even if they do not respect laws banning polygamy.
			THW give asylum to sexual minorities.
		SF: Sexy Time
			THBT gay parades do more harm than good to the gay community.
			THW fund sex change operations.
			THBT women should withhold sex with their partners to get them to end violent rebellion against the state.
		EFL GF: Crime and Punishment
			THW create a DNA registry of all criminals
			THW physically castrate rapists
			THBT prisoners sentence to life without parole should be allowed to choose the death penalty
		GF: Asia and Unity
			THW Abolish parties based on ethnicity
			THW create an Asian Parliament
			THBT China’s rise to power is in the best interest of Asia (Logan wanted to run, but didn’t)
			THBT Asia should have a common currency
			THBT Asia should have the same electric socket configuration
			THBT Asians should all drive on the same side of the road
