Uhuru Worlds Debating Championships
	Uhuru Worlds Debating Championships 2023
		R1
			THBT parents in liberal democracies should teach their children to be primarily responsible for the happiness of others instead of their own happiness
		R2
			THW reject doing the BLS in favour of doing an apprenticeship
				You are an all-rounded high school graduate who performed well in your university entrance exams and extracurriculars. However, you’re unsure of what you wish to study in university and are only considering doing a Bachelor of Liberal Studies (BLS) or an apprenticeship. The purpose of the BLS degree is to provide students with a solid multidisciplinary preparation in the Humanities, Natural Sciences, Social Sciences and the Arts. An apprenticeship is where you learn how to do a specific job or trade in a real workplace while studying at a training provider. You can start one at any stage in your career or life. Completing an apprenticeship gives you a nationally recognised qualification. You can use your qualification to start your career or to do more training.
		R3
			THW not allow pharmaceutical companies to financially settle private lawsuits
		R4
			THBT that developing countries should also trade in their individual currencies with other countries like China, USA and Russia
				Brazil and China signed a mandate on March 30th to trade in individual currencies. This is another step in the decline in use of the dollar by different countries.
		R5
			THR the rehabilitative approach of universities in their management of bullying and harassment incidents
				In most universities, staff are trained in a rehabilitative approach that emphasize mediation and reconciliation in instances of bullying and harassment. This is usually the first step that is defaulted to and a prerequisite for escalating reports to a formal hearing at the university's disciplinary tribunal.
		QF
			TH, as WUDC Council, would ratify a constitutional amendment that allows composite teams to be eligible to break under extenuating circumstances rather than a blanket ban
		SF + Rookie GF + Schools GF
			THW provide significant campaign funding for congressmen and senators who score highly on bipartisan metrics in western liberal democracies
				Bipartisan metrics are scores derived from instances of voting with the other party, co-sponsoring bills, etc., calculated by independent bodies
		ESL SF
			THBT all debating majors should be rotationally convened by a global roster of nationally registered non-profit organisations
		GF + ESL GF
			THBT judges ought to interpret the constitution from an originalist perspective
				Originalism is a way of interpreting the Constitution that understands it through either framer’s intent or what the public would’ve intended at the time of the Constitution’s ratification. Textualism refers to interpreting all legal texts by the ordinary meaning of the text, setting aside any different/nuanced meaning that could be given as a result of context.